$10,000 Gold?
Now that gold has crossed the magic $1,000 barrier, why can’t it increase ten-fold, too?
Sure, some might argue that inflation-indexed bonds offer a better and more direct inflation hedge than gold. But gold bugs are right to worry about whether the government will honor its commitments under more extreme circumstances.
As legions of new consumers gain purchasing power, demand inevitably rises, driving up the price of scarce commodities.
It is therefore dangerous to extrapolate from short-term trends.
As someone who was present when Davutoğlu made his presentation to the parliamentary faction of Turkey’s ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP), I can attest to the fact that he did not use such terminology.
Our neighborhood policy needs support, not criticism.
This is a natural byproduct of consolidating our democracy.
None of them, therefore, has any reason to express discomfort with Turkey.
Yet 2008-2009, like 1989, may very well correspond to an epochal change, whose unfolding consequences will be felt for decades.
Yet, history is unfair, and the US, despite its greater responsibility for today’s global crisis, may emerge in better shape than most countries from the morass.
The End of 1945
There was talk of revolution in countries such as France, Italy, and Greece.
For a short while, many prominent people – Albert Einstein, for one – believed that only a world government would be able to ensure global peace.
The rot began during the 1980s, under Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher.
Neoliberalism filled the vacuum, creating vast wealth for some people, but at the expense of the ideal of equality that had emerged from World War II.
BERKELEY – To solve a problem, it is not enough to know what to do.
And, most audaciously of all, the European Union introduced the euro as a common currency.
The reasons why are found in the second book: Hall of Mirrors, by&nbsp;my friend, teacher, and patron, Barry Eichengreen.
MOSCOW – Most people who know of me think of me as an information-technology expert, someone who probably lives in California and invests in edgy Internet start-ups.
One of the group was Mark Shuttleworth, founder of Thawte (sold to VeriSign), who had recently come back from a trip to the space station as the second “space tourist.”
So I had vague thoughts that I might go into space sometime in 2011 - the year that Google co-founder Sergey Brin is (very) tentatively slated to go.
Why, I’d go train to be a cosmonaut, of course! And why wait to find out I may get Alzheimer’s?  Next month, I will write about what training to go into space actually involves.
Though the TPP faces no shortage of hurdles to clear before an agreement is finalized, its potential to augment Asia’s economic power cannot be underestimated.
And Russian President Vladimir Putin would invariably regard the EU’s failure as a major opportunity to exert more influence over parts of Europe.
This is not to say that resolving the remaining issues in the TTIP negotiations will be simple.
9/11 and the New Authoritarianism
Most of these changes were embodied in the so-called “USA Patriot Act.”
In other words, liberty is not the right of individuals to define their own lives, but the right of the state to restrict individual freedom in the name of a security that only the state can define.
While terrorism is fought in the name of democracy, the fight has in fact led to a distinct weakening of democracy, owing to official legislation and popular angst.
NEW YORK – It was a decade ago that 19 terrorists took control of four planes, flew two into the twin towers of the World Trade Center, hit the Pentagon with a third, and crashed the fourth in a field in Pennsylvania after passengers resisted and made it impossible for the terrorists to complete their malevolent mission.
It is worth noting that the people who went into the streets of Cairo and Damascus calling for change were not shouting the slogans of Al Qaeda or supporting its agenda.
Terrorists and terrorism cannot be eliminated any more than we can rid the world of disease.
But even small terrorist successes are costly in terms of lives, money, and making open societies less so.
A “Reset” Button for Europe’s Backyard
Sweden’s assumption of the EU Presidency this month should help these efforts.
The Eastern Partnership is based on the profound values of democracy, human rights, and the rule of law.
In Russia, there is a perception that is sometimes fostered which suggests that the Partnership is directed against it.
Should the best answer to the return of Russia’s imperial ambitions be a modern version of a Holy Alliance of stability designed to contain the world’s new maverick? Or is a latter-day Yalta Conference, aimed at redrawing the political boundaries of Europe, necessary?
More importantly, rallying the world solely against Russia would mean taking Russia’s great power pretensions too seriously.
Russian troops are to remain in South Ossetia and Abkhazia.
The use of force to settle scores and impose one nation’s will upon another cannot be accepted passively.
The third and most damaging flaw, however, is that the spending cuts come in the wrong places.
The higher the growth rate, the more revenues the government will collect without raising tax rates; and higher revenues enable smaller deficits.
Unless more deficit reduction, which is inevitable, comes from curbing entitlement benefits and increasing revenues, and less from programs vital for economic growth, the result will be a poorer, weaker US – and a more uncertain, if not unstable, world.
Of course, the various components of debt differ considerably in their character and sources of financing – and thus in their sustainability.
Now, with household debt sustained on a knife-edge after feverish government intervention, the fiscal position has deteriorated dramatically and the current-account balance has worsened again.
But neither improved competitiveness, nor reduction of total debt, can be achieved overnight.
But the problem now in Europe is the opposite: banks are “national in life, but European in death.”
When problems started to surface, the finance minister at the time initially claimed that the country would carry out “the cheapest bank rescue ever.”
Putting the ECB in charge should also help to stop the creeping disintegration process, which is not publicly visible, but is very real nonetheless.
Economic (and political) logic requires that the eurozone will soon also need a common bank rescue fund.
Almost everyone agreed that the old paradigm of neoclassical economics was broken, but there was no agreement on what can replace it.
Free-market thinking evolved from Anglo-Saxon theorists (many from Scotland), who migrated and colonized territories, allowing fortunate individuals to assume that there were no limits to consumption.
In 1987, the historian Ray Huang explained it for China:
A new wave of what the economist Joseph Schumpeter famously called “creative destruction” is under way: even as central banks struggle to maintain stability by flooding markets with liquidity, credit to business and households is shrinking.
My hosts replied that they needed to keep up with China.
Now the world's attention is focussed on Iran, one recipient of Pakistani technology, as the country seemingly keenest to create its own nuclear arsenal.
Iran may ask what right others have to demand that it forego nuclear weapons.
Countries that wish to develop nuclear energy but not nuclear bombs should be given international guarantees of fuel supply and disposal of spent fuel.
A Big Chance for Small Farmers
It’s a vicious circle, technically known as a poverty trap.
That boost in assets will, in turn, enable local credit markets, such as micro-finance, to begin operating.
Afterward, each national program would be monitored, audited, and evaluated.
He saw one black male standing inside the house and asked him to come out. The man refused.
He is a grandee, a mover and shaker in the academic and media world, a friend of President Barack Obama.
A local man whose brothers all serve in the police force, a sports fan, and an amateur basketball coach, Crowley does not move in the same social circles as Gates.
But is the Gates affair the right way to enter into this discussion?
PARIS &#45;&#45; Ever since French President Nicolas Sarkozy took himself off his country’s most-eligible-bachelor list by publicly acknowledging his affair with supermodel-turned-pop-musician Carla Bruni during a romantic trip to Euro Disney, he’s run into trouble. 
It’s “serious,” the smitten president admitted.
Despite the sometimes downright pornographic on-screen writhing of Bollywood starlets, India is still a deeply conservative society. Divorce is anathema.
The cameras would roll, Indians would smile, and France would be treated to a Bollywood spectacle beyond its wildest dreams.
Meeting this imperative entails both an enormous technological challenge and an opportunity to redefine the meaning of modernity.
Of course, the NPT has repeatedly been violated or circumvented by states that never subscribed to it.
So how will the world – first and foremost, the main nuclear powers – react to the Fukushima disaster? Will the tide truly turn, propelling the world towards nuclear disarmament and a future free of nuclear weapons?
Spain is taking global leadership in combating hunger by inviting world leaders to Madrid in late January to move beyond words to action.
The UN Secretary General led a steering group last year that determined that African agriculture needs around $8 billion per year in donor financing – roughly four times the current total – with a heavy emphasis on improved seeds, fertilizer, irrigation systems, and extension training.
The more than 20 bilateral and multilateral donor agencies for agriculture are highly fragmented and of insufficient scale individually and collectively.
Meanwhile, a billion people go hungry each day.
Two main problems limit the availability of medicines today.
Thomas Jefferson compared knowledge to candles: when one is used to light another, it does not diminish the light of the first. On the contrary, everything becomes brighter.
The Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act, a congressional bill introduced by Senator Bernie Sanders, is just such an initiative.
For the world, the WHO’s recommendations represent a once-in-a-generation opportunity to remedy a long-standing and egregious inequity in health care, and, more broadly, to set a model for governance of global public goods befitting an era of globalization.
Instead, Portuguese workers are fleeing to booming former colonies such as Brazil and Macau.
Financial markets can be fragile, and they provide little capacity for sharing risk related to labor income, which constitutes the largest part of income in any advanced economy.
European policymakers today often complain that, were it not for the US financial crisis, the eurozone would be doing just fine.
Nobel laureates such as Martin Luther King, Lech Walesa, and Aung San Suu Kyi are but a few of the many examples that the Nobel Committee has recognized in previous years.
Liu’s committed advocacy on behalf of democracy in China is, above all, intended for the benefit of the Chinese people. But his courage and example may help to accelerate the dawn of the day when China’s participation in international affairs is aided by the expertise and oversight of civil-society groups, an independent media, and an engaged citizenry able to express its views through the ballot box.
The politicians, civil servants, and other participants at the Copenhagen summit have mainly been bombarding each other with numbers.
In the next few decades, a low-lying country like the Netherlands will need to invest billions of euros to intensify its age-old struggle against rising water.
Precisely for this reason, it also requires a broadly shared ethical basis.
They have started to trace the evolutionary origins of pro-social sentiments such as empathy, and have begun to uncover the genes that dispose some individuals to senseless violence and others to acts of altruism, and the pathways in our brain that shape our ethical decisions.
But as Burgess himself argued, the novella has an almost Christian message: what makes us human is our freedom to choose both good and evil, and for society to crush individuals into servile conformity is as wicked as, and perhaps even worse than, the sadism of psychopaths like Alex.
It is not as if people would suddenly begin to behave better if we just gave them more facts and statistics, or better arguments.
These are, of course, hypothetical questions.
Flower growers in Kenya, who depend on air transport to take their short-lived product to Europe, suddenly had no income.
The price we are willing to pay for safety cannot be infinite.
Once he knows of it, the decision is his to make, because only he can judge the importance of his journey, and balance that against the risk he is running.
According to Gleb Pavlovsky, the Putin regime’s leading ideologist, the current Russian system is perfect in all respects but one: it doesn’t know its enemies.
Military reform has been reversed.
They have also become disobedient.
What is to be done when ex-KGB warriors turn their swords and bugs against one another? Cherkesov’s case exemplifies Putin’s nightmare.
And, of course, being General Secretary carries no constitutional term limit.
The US offered various sweeteners to induce Israel to freeze its West Bank settlement construction for another 90 days.
This month, Brazil and Argentina recognized “Palestine,” and a cascade of Latin American countries is expected to follow.
The ideal alternative to both strategies is a peace process that aims not to create two states, but rather to establish the political and economic basis for a single confederal state.
It could also have been the basis of a confederal state, whose Palestinian part would have benefited from the West Bank settlers’ productivity and taxes.
That would be a disastrous step.
But this is possible only by resuscitating – and updating – an old institution of the international community: a confederation of states.
Serbia would save face, and would continue to have a say on crucial matters concerning Kosovo, including the treatment of the Serbian minority.
They departed pledging to revive Europe's growth.
Many Europeans are sick of British vetoes. So am I.
NATO has been flexible since its inception.
I am not talking about a two‑speed Europe.
It should give member states the chance to develop an approach to Europe that suits their national traditions, within the EU framework.
Any proposal for a new constitution must be put to the British people and to the people in each EU member state.
In literary terms, this conspiracy theory closely resembles The Protocols of the Elders of Zion , featuring secretive global elite with great power and wicked aims.
In seeking answers, these citizens are reacting rationally to irrational realities.
For example, it took a “conspiracy theorist,” Alex Jones, to turn up documentation of microwave technologies to be used by police forces on US citizens. The New Yorker confirmed the story much later – without crediting the original source.
And citizen investigators should be trained in basic journalism: finding good data, confirming stories with two independent sources, using quotes responsibly, and eschewing anonymity – that is, standing by their own bylines, as conventional reporters do.
Europe’s leaders recognized that distressed countries’ debts would become unmanageable unless their economies could grow, and that growth could not be achieved without assistance.
Indeed, the most curious aspect of the ECB’s position was its threat not to accept restructured government bonds as collateral if the ratings agencies decided that the restructuring should be classified as a credit event.
And, with housing prices continuing to fall, GDP growth faltering, and unemployment remaining stubbornly high (one of six Americans who would like a full-time job still cannot get one), more stimulus, not austerity, is needed – for the sake of balancing the budget as well.
The report proposes an agenda whose cost would be equivalent to just 1% of annual consumption, but would save the world risk equivalent costs that are five times greater.
A third of Bangladesh will be underwater by the end of this century. The Maldives and a host of Pacific Island states will disappear: our twenty-first-century Atlantis.
The good news is that there are many ways by which improved incentives could reduce emissions – partly by eliminating the myriad of subsidies for inefficient usages.
Obama can rage and weep.
That seems to be changing now.
We have forgotten those days. Yet there are still 23,000 nuclear warheads on our planet, with the explosive power of 150,000 Hiroshima bombs.
This is principally an issue for the US and Russia, which possess 95% of the world’s nuclear weapons.
These are going to be some of the major questions for Obama over the next year and more. If he gets them right, he can forget about his short-term critics.
A quarter of the labor force and half of Spain’s youth are unemployed, reflecting the country’s loss of competitiveness in the wake of the real-estate bubble inflated by cheap euro credit in the pre-crisis period. The current-account deficit remains at 3.5% of GDP, despite the recession-induced decline in imports, while economic contraction will cause Spain to miss its budget-deficit target again.
In this, too, it has not really been successful, despite the huge amount of money that it put on the table.
But this would unfairly force savers and taxpayers in the core countries to provide capital to the South on terms to which they would never voluntarily agree.
But, unfortunately, if this loss of trust persists, it could be costly for us all.
Surveys promoted by the BBC tend to show the reverse.
There is also a little more confidence in the government’s response and in financial regulation than there was at the end of last year.
The data show, intriguingly, that those who show levels of trust well below the average for the country they live in are likely to have lower incomes.
But we can take it a step further back: people’s income is lower and their jobs are insecure because they were not spending a short time ago – and so on, backwards in time, in a repeating feedback loop.
Although economic theory today is much improved, if we ask people about the cause of the current crisis, we will mostly get the same answers.
Chaos theory in mathematics explains such dependency on remote and seemingly trivial initial conditions, and explains why even the extrapolation of apparently precise planetary motion becomes impossible when taken far enough into the future.
As a result, we simply do not know if the recovery will be solid or disappointing.
The primary, and most pressing, of the problems we face is the financial and economic crisis that is enveloping the EU.
Although it is right that the Stability and Growth Pact has become more flexible in these extraordinary times, its rules did secure a successful first decade for the euro.
Moreover, without a new PCA, individual European countries may feel it necessary to seek even more bilateral agreements with Russia.
On October 24, you can stand up against this injustice.
But ice-free arctic waters are more than a symptom of global warming.
In fact, the world’s per capita emissions were 4,700 kilograms, or more than double the permissible limit.
At
In today’s Germany, an overwhelming majority subscribes to the proposition that 8 May 1945 was a day of liberation – not only for Europe, but also for Germany itself.
Therefore, the 60th anniversary of the firebombing of Dresden by Allied forces on 13 February 1945 has probably been a more crucial moment in terms of the German “politics of memory” than the 60th anniversary of 8 May 1945 is going to be.
The current war of memories between the Baltic republics and Russia, with regard to the international celebration in Moscow on 9 May this year, reminds Germany of a special historic responsibility.
The world economy, however, is unlikely to look the same.
What should be of greater concern is the potential plight of countries in the last group.
Their governments pursued not just good “fundamentals” (e.g., macroeconomic stability and an outward orientation), but also what might be called “productivist” policies: undervalued currencies, industrial policies, and financial controls.
In the past, this push was accommodated by the willingness of the US and a few other developed nations to run large trade deficits.
So the good news is that developing countries can continue to grow rapidly even if world trade slows in and there is reduced appetite for capital flows and trade imbalances.
But it’s worth taking a closer look at the premise that banning things is the smartest way to tackle global warming.
My household uses CFLs, and I enjoy knowing that I am causing fewer CO2 emissions and spending less money.
This is clearly not true for those who suffer from migraines or epileptic seizures because of the new bulbs, or for those who are seriously worried about mercury, or for those who have other reasons for preferring incandescent bulbs.
This is where a lot of policymakers get it wrong.
So why did a gentle former literature professor named Liu Xiaobo have to be sentenced to 11 years in prison, just because he publicly advocated freedom of expression and an end to one-party rule?
Hereditary monarchy, often backed by divine authority, has worked in the past.
Marxism appealed to Chinese intellectuals, because it was bookish, introduced a modern moral orthodoxy, and was based, like Confucianism, on a promise of perfect harmony.
The Communist Party represented China’s destiny as a great power.
Other Confucian societies, such as South Korea, Taiwan, and Japan, now have thriving liberal democracies, and there is no reason to believe that such a transition is impossible in China.
The new strategy that US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been promoting to staunch the upward trend of narco-trafficking-related murders – which leaked Mexican government reports put at more than 22,000 since late 2006 – is to build “stronger, more resilient communities.”
Bolivia’s Evo Morales rose to prominence as leader of the country’s coca growers during a brutal campaign to wipe out their crops, the so-called Dignity Plan.
Interviewed by the Mexican magazine Proceso this year, the second-in-command of the giant Sinaloa cartel, Ismael Zambada, made the point clearly: “The narco problem involves millions of people.
MUNICH – Under substantial external pressure, the eurozone’s crisis-hit countries are, at long last, bringing themselves to make painful cuts in their government budgets.
Only Ireland continued on a path of rapid deflation – as it has since the country’s real-estate bubble burst in 2006 – with a relative price decrease of 2.2%.
Unions, too, are resisting the necessary wage reductions, and public and private debtors fear the prospect of insolvency if their assets and revenues are assessed at a lower value, while their debts remain unchanged.
In other words, they should take a kind of euro sabbatical – a proposal that has now also been taken up by American economist Kenneth Rogoff.
This is significant, because, in May 2010, a group of prominent German economists, led by Joachim Starbatty, commenced litigation before the German Constitutional Court in which they argued that the EU’s assistance to Greece and Europe’s new financial rescue fund violated Article 125, the EU treaty’s so-called “no bailout” clause.
Now the court in Karlsruhe will have to determine whether the EU’s recently agreed European Stability Mechanism (ESM) is consistent with the Basic Law.
It is almost certain that Euro-skeptic groups will ask the Irish Supreme Court to rule on the constitutionality of the ESM.
It is easy to predict that Sarajevo will be the place where they will meet to look back on Europe’s savage twentieth century. But how will Sarajevo look in five years?
Indeed, it is striking that the majority of citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina believe that their leaders are not interested in their country joining the EU.
The ratification of the Lisbon Treaty allows for an element of visionary realism in European politics, as there are no longer any institutional obstacles to the future enlargement of the EU.
So far, the EU has offered to support democratization in Tunisia and Egypt by helping to organize free and fair elections, establish political parties, and reform the police, courts, and local administrations.
The problem is that such long-term investments bring results only in the medium and long term.
At the end of that period, participants would receive soft business-startup loans from European development banks to create employment in their countries of origin.
If they become consolidated democracies, as hoped, would-be entrepreneurs could stop worrying so much about official corruption. And start-up loans from Europe would make it much easier to seek one’s fortune back home.
On both of these fronts, the EU’s lack of strategic vision has created the impression that Europe is repeatedly being outmaneuvered by Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The program’s mission – to help guide the political, social, and economic transitions of neighboring states – is not inherently problematic; the problem lies in the way that the mission has been interpreted and pursued.
To the extent that there has been an EU-wide energy strategy, it has related to renewables, rather than the intersection of geopolitics and energy security.
If it can, it will be better able to respond not only to the Russian challenge, but also to many of the other challenges that characterize today’s rapidly shifting global environment.
This requires a framework that takes into account, among other things, developmental possibilities, environmental concerns, labor conditions, and community interests, and that is adaptable to changing circumstances.
In these circumstances, there is an urgent need for a facility that allows governments of poor countries to negotiate on a par with foreign investors to reach contracts that are as fair as possible under the given circumstances.
But it is also true that the northern Turkish part of Cyprus is denied access to free trade and other benefits from EU-membership.
But Turkish public support for EU membership has fallen dramatically as Turks have grown to feel that they are not being given a fair deal.
European leaders must therefore take up two challenges.
Whereas the Bush administration is deploying an additional 21,000 American soldiers in Iraq, and is pushing for more allied troops in Afghanistan, America’s allies are rejecting its Middle East policy.
Most states nowadays lie within borders that are widely accepted as legitimate, and they increasingly abide by international norms of behavior in times of war.
Likewise, America’s three-week “shock and awe” campaign in Iraq in 2003 ended in “victory,” but opened the gates of hell for occupiers and ordinary Iraqis alike.
A Field Guide to Israeli Hawks
But many ideological hawks are secular nationalists, and their jargon is similar to that of typical Central and Eastern European nationalists.
It is in this context that Sharon's moves should be seen.
All of this has radically altered Israel's domestic political map.
There have been just two ugly matches so far, full of fouls, nasty attacks, and unnecessary aggression, as well as numerous yellow and red cards: Italy vs. the US, and Portugal vs. the Netherlands.
Years of bad news appear to have passed the Germans by without a trace.
First, Europe and South America are more dominant than four years ago and remain the unchallenged great powers of international soccer.
For now, we have a World Cup filled with soccer that is being shaped by a new, young generation both on and off the playing field – light-hearted, enthralling, and beautiful to watch.
Over the past five years, those numbers have changed, first slowly and now dramatically: in April of this year, coal’s share in power generation plummeted to just 32%, on par with gas.
Biofuels reduce emissions by only ten Mt, and solar panels by a paltry three Mt.
Meanwhile, the fracking bonanza in the US not only delivers a much greater reduction for free, but also creates long-term social benefits through lower energy costs.
For Sarkozy, “rupture” reflects both mundanely tactical and deeply personal choices.
In the case of Royal, the meaning of “rupture” is both more obvious and more visible.
In terms of values, Royal, too, seems to represent a rupture with May 1968, with her emphasis on discipline and family.
When the voters decide in the spring of 2007, their choice may depend more on negative than positive considerations, as it did in 2002, when Chirac faced the odious nationalist Jean-Marie Le Pen in the second round.
His hard-line approach isolated Japan and angered China, leading to an outburst of anti-Japanese demonstrations in China in 2005.
Behind the smiles, the polite interactions, and the cautiously worded diplomatic language, strong undercurrents of suspicion remain.
Finally, historical issues could still resurface to cause new problems.
In the 1990’s, foreign investors were chiefly attracted by privatization programs in the region, but more recently mergers and acquisitions and greenfield projects have been the most common type of investment.
This European experience is now being widely studied in Latin America.
But even if tariffs and quotas are progressively reduced, trade flows may remain low if other trade costs remain high.
But there is also keen awareness that the EU’s hope for a special relationship with Brazil must not be allowed to hinder regional integration or worsen asymmetries and imbalances within the bloc.
Or, to put it another way, let’s look at our problems in the light of the EU’s existing mechanisms and its potential for creating far-reaching new policies, and then let’s ask ourselves why the EU isn’t realizing its own potential and delivering the goods.
Building more human capital in Europe and worldwide is a crucially important element in future EU activities.
That way, if a small minority of EU governments prove unable to ratify the treaty, it would not be torpedoed the way that its predecessor, the Constitutional Treaty, was in 2005.
Hundreds of other young people trapped in the Gaza Strip have won admission to study abroad.
Life in Gaza has bled away my optimism.
Hamas and other armed groups, I know, have launched rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip that have killed civilians in Israeli towns and villages.
A German Europe?
Moreover, Germany, it seems, is becoming a “geo-economic power” driven by the needs of its export sector.
On other issues, such as engaging “strategic partners” – China and Russia in particular – the United Kingdom is often a follower as well.
So, Poland and Sweden:&nbsp; Europe needs your leadership.
The same is true for Eastern Europe, the ex-Soviet states, and Latin America.
The driving force is external demand, as Germany, the world’s second-largest exporter, profits from the global boom.
In fact, all EU countries except Italy and the Netherlands will grow faster.
In Germany, it’s called “activating social aid” or “combi wages,” but the principle is the same: the state should reduce the money it pays for doing nothing and pay more for participating in the work force.
These trends link the fate and future of today’s seven billion people as never before. No nation alone can solve the great global challenges of the twenty-first century. International cooperation is a universal need.
We know how to do this. Our record proves it – in Guinea, Kenya, and Kyrgyzstan.
The government has repeatedly pledged to undertake reforms and listen to its people. It has not done so.
Reform is in the air – in part because of the scandal, but also because of the UN’s inability to deal effectively with challenges ranging from Rwanda and Kosovo to Iraq and, most recently, Sudan.
In the meantime, there is important work to be done.
Palestinians can negotiate their future relationship with Israel and can count on American, Russian, European, and UN assistance.
Terrorism needs to be de-legitimized in the way that slavery has been.
Such investments could generate an estimated five million “green-collar” jobs, provide a shot in the arm for the construction and engineering industries, and get America back into the equally serious business of combating climate change and achieving energy security.
So it is clear that some countries now view environmental investments in infrastructure, energy systems, and ecosystems as among the best bets for recovery.
A Global Growth Bargain
But neither Europe nor the US is in a strong enough position to take best advantage of these new markets.
Since then, Europe and America have grown well below their capacity (despite huge unmet demand throughout the world) and unemployment has climbed to around 10% on both continents (with youth unemployment reaching an alarming 20%).
My extrapolation of the IMF model shows that Western countries can boost their long-term GDP growth significantly by increasing their levels of capital investment over a three-year period.
NEW YORK – Dark, lowering financial and economic clouds are, it seems, rolling in from every direction: the eurozone, the United States, China, and elsewhere.
Moreover, political gridlock over fiscal adjustment is likely to persist, regardless of whether Barack Obama or Mitt Romney wins November’s presidential election.
Borrowing costs are rising for highly indebted sovereigns, credit rationing is undermining small and medium-size companies, and falling commodity prices are reducing exporting countries’ income.
Indeed, sovereigns are dumping a larger fraction of their public debt onto banks’ balance sheet, especially in the eurozone.
Political leaders may lead a broad reform movement, as with Franklin Roosevelt and the New Deal.
In the past two decades, governments have come up short on solutions to environmental threats.
Agricultural regions already need to become more resilient in the face of increased climate volatility.
Sometimes the same company operates on both sides of the divide.
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has already initiated several global processes to help establish the new post-2015 goals in an open, participatory, and knowledge-based way.&nbsp;
He has made no efforts at economic reform during his term and now seeks to blame the ECB for Italy’s lame economic performance.
Though second-quarter GDP growth was weak — the euro-zone average was only 0.3% year on year – third-quarter data are indicating a sustained economic pick-up in the second half of the year.
Unfortunately, Merkel’s campaign is off to a rocky start, and the recent entry of Oskar Lafontaine’s extreme left-wing party into the fray may necessitate the formation of a grand coalition between the Christian Democrats and the Social Democrats.
LONDON – It’s been a better year for God.
The birth of a baby in the stables.
Those of us who think that science and religion dwell in different domains, and who recall that Socrates argued that science did not teach you about morality or meaning, find that our case is undermined by the literalists and fundamentalists in every religion.
The strident and damaging dogmatism of fundamentalists of every stripe has a common feature: a truculent sense of grievance, rooted in fear and resentment of modernity.
The specter of a nuclear Iran haunts Arabs and Israelis alike, but it is the United States and Israel that are the driving force behind efforts to curtail Iran’s nuclear ambitions.
In an Arab Middle East, Iran is the natural enemy; in an Islamic world, Iran is a potential leader.
Iran backed the US during the first Gulf War, but was left out of the Madrid peace conference.
BUENOS AIRES – Desperate times bring desperate measures.
To speed things up, after the default was declared in December 2008, Ecuador completed the buyback with an inverse auction for the remaining bondholders, to be settled in cash – rather than a regular exchange in which the legality of undercover purchases was likely to be questioned.
So the question arises: how are private bondholders to be convinced to get rid of their Greek bonds at a loss if there is a credible buyer of last resort?
By contrast, if the threshold is set low enough to bring spreads down from panic levels, purchases will be more substantive, but at the expense of reducing considerably the effective haircut on private holders.
Still, it is easier to find exciting anecdotes than it is to show how they scale up to revitalizing an entire economy.
For example, the European Union’s goal of achieving an 80% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 implies a complete overhaul of EU infrastructure in just a few decades.
But, while the value of these studies is in the light that they shed on the parts, the ensuing headlines invariably are about the whole, articulated in terms of GDP and jobs.
Policymakers should incorporate this thinking into the “beyond austerity” narrative that is taking shape in a growing number of key EU member states.
The reason for these results is straightforward: increasing Europe’s climate-policy efforts boosts investments, thus inducing learning-by-doing, especially when these efforts are channeled into new technologies like renewable energy and advanced construction materials.
The benefit to the entire economy was bigger than the sum of the benefits for the individual mills.
And, as scientists become gloomier and underline the urgency of tackling climate change, economists are becoming increasingly optimistic about the opportunities implied by a low-carbon future.
But the country’s leaders have been stalling on the terms of a much-needed International Monetary Fund loan.
But such a move is far too risky for an individual politician, or even a single country, at a time of economic uncertainty and high unemployment.
And, while Tunisia’s situation seems to be the most promising, a crippling investment shortfall is threatening to derail reform efforts there.
But unconditional aid only delays reforms, because it weakens budget constraints, which reduces pressure on policymakers and creates moral hazard.
More people are not supporting Koizumi’s annual pilgrimage to Yasukuni, with seven former prime ministers jointly demanding that he refrain from the visits.
The decision triggered a severe response from China, where students held demonstrations against his visit. Bilateral relations were frozen.
As Foreign Minister Aso recently put it: “The more China voices [opposition], the more one feels like going there. It’s just like when you’re told ‘Don't smoke cigarettes,’ it actually makes you want to smoke.”
Israeli bombs and missiles periodically strike the encapsulated area, causing high casualties among both militants and innocent women and children. Prior to the highly publicized killing of a woman and her four little children last week, this pattern was illustrated by a previous report from B’Tselem, the leading Israeli human rights organization: 106 Palestinians were killed between February 27 and March 3.
Israel has occupied and colonized the Palestinian West Bank, which is approximately one-fourth (28.5%) the size of the nation of Israel as recognized by the international community.
Soon, however, he was recoiling from what he saw as a chaos of competing ideas.
As the deal was intended to avoid a nuclear standoff with Iran, why was there so much outrage in the US and the West? I fear it is because the US found itself denied its primacy in setting global policy on Iran.
For it was on a Turkish flagged ship that Israeli forces killed nine people, causing a near-rupture in Israeli-Turkish relations.
And regional players like South Africa, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Indonesia, and South Korea among others, will also have to be reckoned with in future regional disputes.
A Japanese Metamorphosis?
The figures that will be presented are the result of a lengthy process, in which the bureaucracy closely consulted with LDP.
LDP lawmakers and mandarins developed a routine in which mandarins drafted cabinet-sponsored bills, LDP lawmakers checked the bills, and the two together finalized legislative drafts before they were introduced to the Diet (parliament). Since the LDP, recently with a coalition partner, controlled the Diet, the legislative process was simply the interaction between LDP lawmakers and mandarins, centered in the LDP’s headquarters.
The birth of the DPJ government can yet be a turning point.
The big losers from this economic disaster are workers in the advanced countries that bought into the laissez-faire flexibility of American-style capitalism.
Sixteen years after the crisis, the unemployment rate was 6.2% – more than triple the rate in 1990.
A long, painful period of high unemployment runs counter to what most experts believed the flexible US economic model would ever produce.
This means changing the incentives and rules that govern the financial sector.
What was the meaning of this moment of grace? Was it purely the product of a collective delusion, an emotional Potemkin village of sorts, encouraged, if not conceived, by the authorities to restore some level of self-assurance among France’s depressed citizens?
The second lesson, even more obvious, is that reality cannot be changed with a simple public spectacle.
Seeing the behavior of friends, all French, listening with me to Hollande, I was reminded of another moment.
After a year of Hollande, France is witnessing a fundamental political revolution.
But now is the moment for both countries to put the past aside in order to address their common security concerns.
Now, in the immediate wake of the Russia-Georgia crisis, Turkey’s leaders have stepped forward once again to take a leadership role in the Caucasus.
Although some of those tensions appear purely bilateral, the Georgian-Russian conflict demonstrates that there is no such thing anymore in this globalized world, and certainly not in this interconnected region.
If this does not happen within the coming weeks and months, then Turkey will have demonstrated that all this was just a show.
Opportunism has had its share in this, of course.
Moreover, Czechoslovakia’s fearsome secret police, who had every interest in silencing or compromising the famous dissident writer, never used the incident to blackmail or expose him.
But can we justifiably defend morally compromised artists and intellectuals on the basis of their work’s merit, yet condemn ordinary people for often less grave offenses? An egregious example of this was the way followers of Romanian philosopher Constantin Noica defended his support for the fascist Iron Guard and his later collaboration with the Communists, while at the same time condemning even a generic cleaning woman for mopping the floors in the offices of the secret police.
First, the global significance of US President Barack Obama’s reelection is clear: the world has escaped a disaster for international cooperation.
The VAT increase will hurt, but there was no other way.
The principle that international cooperation is required to protect fishery resources, which are dwindling everywhere, was adopted at the 2011 CCAMLR meeting.
A League of Democracies?
Stigmatizing Russia and China as pariahs will not get them on board.
This is true of a rather small group of rich countries (India is a partial exception), mainly in western Europe and its overseas offshoots, since World War II.
By implicitly bypassing the UN, and dividing the world into two armed camps, the League of Democracies would increase the danger of war.
Noble rhetoric!
The starting point of the contagion was investors’ realization that Europe’s rescue fund, the European Financial Stability Facility, was designed to provide emergency financial support only to the peripheral countries.
A eurozone government, by contrast, is always in a precarious situation: it has only very long-term assets (its taxing power) and shorter-term liabilities, namely government debt, much of which has to be rolled over annually.
For countries with solvency problems, an adjustment program like those for Greece, Ireland, or Portugal would be appropriate.
It is a choice that they cannot put off much longer.
For example, the time-honored solution of printing money and escaping debt via inflation is unavailable to the PIIGS, because they are trapped in the eurozone straitjacket.
The real depreciation necessary to restore external balance would drive the real value of euro debts even higher, making them even more unsustainable.
Policymakers should also consider innovations used to help debt-burdened developing countries in the 1980’s and 1990’s.
He assured Chinese leaders that the United States is committed to honoring all its debts, despite its recent credit downgrade; he talked enthusiastically about US-China interdependence; and he showcased his granddaughter, who has studied Chinese for several years, as a future bridge between the two countries.
And the world’s only military superpower is often seen within China as trigger-happy when intervening in other countries’ internal affairs.
Despite decades of close interaction, with millions of Americans, Europeans, and Japanese visiting China every year and similar numbers of Chinese now visiting the US and other advanced countries, both sides see each other through a glass darkly.
China’s rise is a fact; the enduring peacefulness of that rise must be a priority for China, its neighbors, the West, and, most importantly, the US.
More recently, Kaufman was devastating in his cross-examination of Goldman Sachs executives.
I’ve been proud to follow his lead.”
The deeper and overriding point of Kaufman’s critique of our system is the need for tough laws.
Even patients who are diagnosed with bipolar disorder often wait more than 10 years after initially seeking treatment for the correct diagnosis to be made.
Patients with SCID-diagnosed bipolar disorder had a significantly higher risk of bipolar disorder in their immediate family members than patients who self-reported a previous diagnosis of bipolar disorder that was not confirmed by the SCID.
Direct-to-consumer advertisements that refer individuals to screening questionnaires can result in patients suggesting to their doctors that they have bipolar disorder.
With the greater number of medications approved for the treatment of bipolar disorder, along with multiple reports cautioning clinicians against under-diagnosis, it appears that over-diagnosis has become a greater problem than under-diagnosis.
Current events, not just in Libya, but also in Tunisia, Egypt, Syria, Yemen, and Bahrain, mirror the political complexity of these countries.
The aim was to strengthen cooperation as a means of creating a lasting peace.
Europe’s strong support for the region’s economic development must remain the top priority, as Arab countries introduce necessary reforms.
A Middle Eastern Union?
A successful process of regional integration in the Middle East will also require a political framework that ensures the stability needed to make regional cooperation work.
Together, they would form a mutually reinforcing process: a political agreement would provide the framework in which the region’s water and energy needs can be met; and meeting these basic needs in an effective and innovative way would make the Arab Peace Initiative more than a paper deal.
The Middle East must no longer be a hallmark of intractable violence.
The G-20 could suggest that the IMF issue a significant volume of SDRs over the next three years. We would suggest, for example, an issue of SDR150-250 billion annually (approximately $240-390 billion at current exchange rates).
During a declared crisis, IMF lending should be financed entirely by new SDR issues in unlimited amounts.
Hardening Brazil’s Soft Power
Brazil’s unique approach to promoting these ideals is an important source of its soft power, reflected in the broad international support that placed Brazilians atop international institutions like the Food and Agriculture Organization and the World Trade Organization.
Thus, it emphasizes the need to strengthen the domestic defense industry.
More broadly, we are exploring ways to cooperate in the joint development of defense technologies.
This model is not only inefficient; channeling government resources to support investment also undermines China’s social development.
With the country fully integrated into global supply chains, TFP growth hit 4%, where it remained until 2007.
Rather than directly driving investment, the state must emphasize its regulatory and enforcement functions, including setting and overseeing standards, building an effective property-rights infrastructure, and managing macroeconomic conditions.
LONDON – There was a time when league tables were to be found only on the sports pages of newspapers. Now they are a global obsession.
A ranking prepared for the City Corporation in London shows New York and London still neck and neck at the top of the league.
But the more important question for the traditional financial centers is whether international activity that can move really is moving.
Airy talk about science and manufacturing as ladders out of recession (a favorite image of former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown) is just that – empty words.
As is always the case in peace negotiations, both sides must be willing to compromise.
Germany’s Foreign Ministry is preparing a policy on Russian/German relations that will enshrine indifference to Putin’s lawlessness as being in the national interest of the most powerful member of the European Union.
I am not accusing Putin’s government of the contract killing of Politkovskaya.
These “neo-spies” include journalist Gregory Pasko, arms control expert Igor Sutyagin, diplomat Valentin Moiseyev, physicist Valentin Danilov, and others.
A Nation Kidnapped
The July 5 protest reminded us of the 3,000 kidnappings since the start of this four-decade conflict, but Colombians could form human chains and release white balloons for many other reasons.
The smart and friendly teenagers were eager to learn how to surf the Internet, just installed in their school.
Belonging to a particular cultural group is merely a pretext for battles between the winners and losers of globalization.
The more worrisome source of anti-Semitism is different and justifies speaking of a new anti-Semitism.
Jews outside Israel feel that they have to defend – right or wrong – the country that, after all, is their ultimate hope of security.
There are also hints that a reshuffling of important positions within the Party will take place, allowing the presumed heir to form a new power base.
For example, for the first time, North Korea’s prime minister publicly apologized for a policy error – the failure of the currency redenomination.
Yet a road map for a peaceful transition can be designed.
We need not assume that these goals cannot be pursued simultaneously.
The first is the rise of a Sino-centric Asia.
In any event, China’s power may be vast and rapidly growing, but it lacks the ability to compel.
It demands the power of ideas that can galvanize others.
But, while America’s continued central role in Asia is safe, the long-term viability of its security arrangements boils down to the credibility of its security assurances to allies and partners.
In particular, they object to the plan’s proposal to give increased powers and responsibilities to the Secretary General, whose selection is effectively in the hands of the Security Council’s five permanent members, which wield veto power.
In practice, however, the five permanent members now agree on a candidate, and their decision is rubber-stamped first by the Security Council and then by the General Assembly.
A New Dawn for Chinese Journalism?
After 1949, the Communist Party cultivated a stable of “theoretical experts” and other ideological servants to write lengthy articles propagating “Marxism and Mao Zedong Thought.”
Market pressure has also been important in pushing Chinese media to embrace change.
For example, reporting by the
I experienced firsthand the need for a new approach in 2004 in Sri Lanka.
Progress on meeting national priorities such as peace consolidation, expanding access to justice, or increasing security is monitored locally.
Supporting inclusive political dialogue and ensuring that conflict is resolved through peaceful means are the highest priorities, as are security, access to justice, and a dynamic private sector that generates sufficient job opportunities.
As the Millennium Development Goals’ 2015 end date approaches, promotion of peace, security, and non-violent conflict resolution continues to be vitally important, and must be fully integrated into any future development agenda.
Traditional farming uses few inputs and gets poor yields.
It is the key to the worldwide increase in food production since the 1960’s.
Still, the financing of inputs played a huge and positive role in helping the poorest farmers to escape poverty and dependency on food aid.
Importantly, the World Bank, under its new president, Robert Zoellick, has now stepped forward to help finance this new approach.
But, in order for that to happen, a new agenda for Russia must be developed this year.
We need a democratic, competitive environment, initiative at all levels, an active civil society, and real public control.
Medvedev's decision to suspend construction of a highway through the Khimki forest near Moscow in the face of widespread civic protest was important.
It is vital that Russians believe that Medvedev’s words reflect his priorities, and that he is prepared to fight for them.
Here, I see a direct connection with the problem of education.
The prosperous region was the Islamic Middle East, while an ignorant Europe remained poor.
But while such weapons carry political weight, the science behind them is mundane and old.
Since the terrorist attacks of September 2001, entry visas are fewer and more difficult to obtain, stanching the flow of young talent into US universities. Major scientific organizations have protested, without result.
Today, that endowment is roughly equal to that of Harvard University and spread over 15 universities.
It was an attempt to preserve the peace (and the security of the relatively weak Austrian Empire) through a coalition of victors upholding shared values.
Abdullah sought the meeting because he believes that the world since 2001 has divided the fraternity of conservatives. Until then, he and Bush shared a common worldview, emphasizing the importance of religion, the traditional family (as both countries understood it), social discipline, and the state’s role in supporting these institutions.
The Wahhabi religious establishment, the Saudi state’s hidden co-rulers, could very well obstruct Abdullah’s attempts at regional religious reconciliation.
But that is how it is in the Middle East: you never know what lies around the corner.
If Rowhani wants to succeed in office, he will have to keep his promise to improve Iranians’ living conditions without endangering the Islamic Republic in the process.
After all, the prospect of a nuclear-armed Iran would most likely exacerbate violent conflict and a nuclear arms race in the region.
Iran has tried two political approaches in the last ten years: a reformist model, under President Mohamed Khatami, and hardline radicalism, under Ahmadinejad.
During the Afghanistan conference in Bonn in 2001, Iran behaved in a pragmatic, results-oriented way – an approach that went completely unrewarded by the US.
This respite offers an ideal opportunity to push forward with reforms.
The government’s GDP share, at 56%, is the highest in the eurozone and second highest among all developed countries.
But, so far, virtually nothing has been done in this respect.
Spain and France would need a ten-year slump, with annual inflation 2% lower than that of their competitors, to regain their competitiveness.
A New Path to a Low-Carbon Economy
The tax on coal-based electricity would have to be $0.10/kilowatt-hour.
Here is another way.

Let us presume, finally, that by 2050, all electricity production has made the transition to low-carbon energy sources.
Unfortunately, cap-and-trade systems are difficult to manage and don’t give clear signals about the future price of permits.
But how can this “love-in” be made concrete?
So, the Chinese ended up embracing Chu and Locke in contradictory ways: as high-ranking representatives of the US government and as compatriots with whom they share the common bond of Chinese-ness.
Then, because the US refuses to take responsibility for its cumulative and per capita greenhouse-gas emissions – which are, respectively, roughly four and three times greater than China’s – the Chinese leadership refuses to make concessions.
He has committed himself to the vision of a world free of nuclear weapons and acknowledges the link between nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament by the nuclear-weapon states.
Fourth, export controls have failed to prevent the spread of sensitive nuclear technology, not least due to the sophisticated efforts of clandestine networks like the one run by Pakistani nuclear scientist A.Q. Khan. Nine countries already have nuclear weapons, and it would be naive to presume that others, particularly in regions of conflict, will not try to get hold of them.
Some such mechanism will be essential in the coming decades as more and more countries introduce nuclear energy.
This is a bold idea, but bold ideas are needed now more than ever.
But suppose that the reason that no Palestinians and Israelis willing to conclude such a deal have emerged is that the solution itself is domestically unsupportable on both sides.
As Nieli describes it, Palestinians “would have the right to settle anywhere within Israel just as Jews would have the right to settle anywhere within the territory of the Palestinian state.
And, in a world in which many citizens spend an increasing proportion of their time in virtual space, de facto condominialism is already happening.
While Latin America will not be a priority for either an Obama or McCain administration, continuing the United States’ neglect of the last seven years is no longer viable.
Cuba needs to return to the regional concert of powers, but it must accept this concert’s rules.
The former feels no urge to “export” its “model,” whereas the latter has a strategy and the means to do so.
NEW YORK – Twenty years after the fall of the Berlin Wall and the collapse of communism, the world is facing another stark choice between two fundamentally different forms of organization: international capitalism and state capitalism.
The US ought not to shy away from wider use of IMF Special Drawing Rights.
The rising powers must be present at the creation of this new system in order to ensure that they will be active supporters.
He believes in international cooperation, rather than the might-is-right philosophy of the Bush-Cheney era. The emergence of the G-20 as the primary forum of international cooperation and the peer-review process agreed in Pittsburgh
Conflicts are much more likely to arise or persist when those with the means to prevent or end them cannot or will not do so. Unfortunately, this will be borne out in 2013.
Second, constant changes in technology ensure that no government can know how much damage its cyber-weapons can do or how well its deterrence will work until they use them.
There is a growing risk that the new Chinese leadership will interpret a heavier US presence in the region as an attempt to contain China’s rise and stunt its growth. We have already seen a series of worrisome confrontations in the region, pitting China against Vietnam and the Philippines in the South China Sea, and against Japan in the East China Sea.
Since then, the world has seen countless acts of violence, terrorism, famine, and environmental degradation.
The problem is that we fail to cooperate globally to put those solutions into practice.
The US, for example, currently spends around $450 billion each year on its military, but less than $15 billion to help the world's poorest countries fight disease, educate their children, and protect the environment.
Then, in July, the UK will host the annual G-8 Summit of the rich countries.
Let us make our leaders aware that we aspire to shared peace and prosperity.
The world watched as thousands of Iraqis were slaughtered.
The most important imprimatur should come from the United Nations, where debate should begin immediately over a resolution authorizing a no-fly zone.
Qaddafi cannot be allowed to think that he can massacre his people with impunity.
And, as President Barack Obama has said, the Libyan people must not be deprived of full ownership of their struggle for freedom, and Qaddafi must not be given a useful foil and scapegoat.
But the West need not risk making the same mistake and accepting the same false choices.
But, given the brutality of President Bashar al-Assad’s regime, no one can doubt the lengths to which it would go to hide its guilt.
What little moral and political standing Russian President Vladimir Putin has retained in the rest of the world is also evaporating, as he will soon discover at the upcoming G-20 Summit in Saint Petersburg.
LONDON – To the surprise of many in the media – at home and abroad – Pope Benedict XVI’s just completed visit to Britain was an outstanding success.
From the first day, the media understood that they had badly misread the public mood.
It dignifies an argument – and those to whom it is addressed – to set it out thoughtfully.
He was executed in the Tower of London, martyred because of his conscience.
Another example of the relationship between ethics and policy is the response that rich countries have made to global social inequity, a deep moral affront to everyone with even a modicum of conscience and sensibility.
Calderón is trying to check the gangs’ capacity for violence and diminish their economic resources, but he still has not been able to implement a plan that is both successful and minimizes the cost in lives.
Indeed, corruption, including “protection” of traffickers, is distributed along the lines of party control in various regions.
·&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Make anti-drug policy the exclusive concern of the federal government;
A Peace Agenda for Global Development
It should aim to make justice and prosperity a reality for everyone.
The Panel should view Liberia’s ongoing efforts to secure peace, maintain stability, and initiate economic and social transformation as a blueprint for successful post-conflict transition.
A Peace of Water
Even during the 60 years of conflict in the Jordan Valley, water has more often been a source of cooperation than of conflict.
Clearly, no final agreement on water will be possible until there are agreed-upon borders between the State of Israel and the State of Palestine, and some resolution of the Israeli settlements in the West Bank.
Only a few percentage points of the Israeli GNP come from agriculture today; as a result, its economy requires less water than it once did.
One important point should be added: extensive public participation and transparency, in terms of both process and outcomes, will be key to successful management.
NEW YORK – Where is the American and global economy headed? Last year, there were two sides to the debate.
Most emerging economies may be returning to growth, but they are performing well below their potential.
Thus, there is a global slackening of aggregate demand relative to the glut of supply capacity, which will impede a robust global economic recovery.
If so, a correction cannot be too far behind.
There may now be a market for a Greek translation of her book.
They would all be bacon and sausages before any agreement was reached.
They apparently assumed that the rest of Europe would overlook continuing high deficits, and that, as eurozone members, the market would consider their debt to be just like German bunds, though issued by friendly and welcoming people in an agreeable climate, and with a glass of ouzo on the side.
Midway through her remarks, she began speaking not to the Syrian ambassador, who was in the room, or even the Syrian government, but directly to the Syrian people.
In January, the State Department unveiled a new “super-office” of Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights, under the leadership of Under-Secretary Maria Otero.
Clinton has created a raft of new positions at the State Department to spur outreach to different social segments.
One privately-funded initiative spearheaded by the State Department will send 300 dogwood trees to Japan this spring, to be planted in the tsunami-affected region and in Tokyo to express the American people’s support for the Japanese people; another will send English teachers throughout Southeast Asia.
Both dramatize insights and lessons that should not be ignored.
Wyatt’s reluctance to join in the exploitation of great apes is understandable, given that the film itself tells the story of apes rising up in response to oppression from dominant humans.
He grew stronger and more aggressive and began biting his teachers.
In the United States, a bipartisan group of members of Congress is supporting legislation to end the use of chimpanzees in invasive research.
Reduction and elimination of this Cold War-era nuclear infrastructure is the largest piece of unfinished business from that bygone time.
·        developing international and multilateral approaches to manage the risks of fuel production for civilian nuclear power; and
On November 19-20, NATO heads of states approved a new “strategic concept” to guide the organization for the next decade At the same time Russian President D. Medvedev and his NATO counterparts issued a joint statement, endorsing the first Joint Review of 21st Century Common Security Challenges and deciding to resume Threat Missile Defence Cooperation.
A President in the Dock
The charges against him have a powerful stigmatizing effect.
The Court is still in its infancy, and antagonizing the many government leaders expressing solidarity with him could jeopardize its future. 
“Bird flu” has already shown that it can jump from fowl to humans, and now even to cats, which indicates that it might be the next global killer.
The virus is shaped so that it can drill into a particular feature of that cell and inject parts of itself inside, confusing the cell into making more viruses and destroying itself in the process.
Many live harmlessly in our bodies and perform useful functions.
There are also antagonists that are currently ignored.
The key is to harness existing infrastructure.
Tropical climates and urban slums are humanity’s front line against pandemics, and they should be equipped properly.
Indeed, last month, Randall Tobias, the top foreign aid adviser in the US State Department, resigned after acknowledging that he had used an escort service described as providing “high-end erotic fantasy” – although Tobias said he only had a massage.
But what about candidates for political leadership?
But when New Jersey Governor John Corzine was involved in a serious road accident last month, it became known that he violated his own state’s law by not wearing his seat belt.
Having been burned by the crisis, banks have tightened their lending standards, and will now be subject to more stringent capital and liquidity requirements.
Investment suffered.
But there was another side to this coin.
More firms established modern personnel-management departments and in-house research labs.
Productivity growth makes many things possible.
Thanks to this financial assistance, one-sixth of the world’s corn supply is burned in American cars.
Since 2008, ethanol production has increased by 33%.
A chorus of voices from the left and right argue against continued government support for biofuel.
“The NASCAR deal will push American ethanol into the stratosphere,” declared Tom Buis, CEO of the ethanol trade association Growth Energy.
This comes at a bad time, just after world governments committed themselves to achieving the development goals, such as reducing poverty and infant mortality, agreed last September at the United Nations’ Millennium Summit.
This period came to be known as the “lost decade.”
Adjustment of public expenditures raises the risk of a recovery that discriminates against the poor, and thus fuels greater inequities in developing countries.
In the Kurdish region of northern Iraq, however, the situation is completely different: in the last ten years, under the protection of the Allies' no-fly zone, and even more so since the toppling of Saddam, the Kurdish regional government has been able to establish and sustain a relatively orderly administration.
But if one thinks in terms of universal norms of human rights, what right has Turkey to dictate internal development in another country? After all, nobody accepts Israel's claim to oppose as a matter of principle the establishment of a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza.
Perhaps they may decide that violence is counter-productive and carries its own penalties, and may then follow the Kurdish example of curbing violence, which would help put Iraq together again without recourse to permanent repression.
The Republicans should not have been caught off-guard by Americans’ interest in issues like disenfranchisement and gender equality.
Moreover, America’s science and technology policy must reflect an understanding that long-term increases in living standards depend upon productivity growth, which reflects technological progress that assumes a solid foundation of basic research.
NEW YORK – In recent years, emerging-market countries, including those in Asia, have made impressive strides in strengthening their fundamentals, accelerating their economic growth and cushioning themselves against external shocks.
First, openness to international trade and investment has been and will continue to be the linchpin of economic growth for the global economy.
Lending large sums before assessing root causes and determining appropriate policy responses can undermine the IFIs’ credibility and reduce the capital available to assist other countries in need.
Finally, both Asia and the US must remain focused on addressing the fundamental macroeconomic policy challenges that contributed to the crisis. Some of these challenges, such as the buildup of global imbalances, have been discussed for many years.
Restructuring the role of Turkey’s army is vital, but if Turkey cannot follow through with the Armenian and Kurdish openings, the country’s own domestic situation, its relations with the two peoples, as well as tensions in the Caucasus, will undoubtedly worsen.
This snarled three-way dispute, if not carefully untangled, holds many dangers.
At the same time, there is less hope in negotiations, which appear to be stalled, largely because they have been linked to the Armenia-Turkey process, which also seems to be in limbo.
Just as a loss of confidence among Kurds and Turks in eastern Turkey will rock the shaky stability that they have recently enjoyed, a loss of hope for a settlement of the Nagorno-Karabakh dispute may end the tentative military calm between Armenians and Azerbaijanis
A Return to Reason
So we need to focus more on adapting to the effects of global warming – for example, by stepping up efforts to cope with inland flooding and the urban “heat island” effect.
In the US, we witnessed an equally promising development in the climate debate just last month, when the conservative American Enterprise Institute, the liberal Brookings Institution, and the centrist Breakthrough Institute teamed up to publish a report that called for revamping America’s energy system with the aim of making clean energy cheap.
We have known for at least a generation that the world needs a course correction.
Yet they have not saved us.
The most important outcome in Rio, therefore, will not be a new treaty, binding clause, or political commitment.
Rio+20 can help to unleash a generation of action.
Disease saps the greatest asset that any country possesses: the energy and talent of its people.
There have been remarkable gains, but there is still much to do – and fewer than 1,000 days of action left until the 2015 deadline.
They show the power of partnerships that bring together the United Nations, governments, development agencies, civil society, foundations, and the private sector.
The creation of America as a major economic power, after all, was made possible by giant steel mills, integrated railway systems, and the mobilization of enormous energy reserves through such ventures as Standard Oil.
Why are these antitrust tools not used against today’s megabanks, which have become so powerful that they can sway legislation and regulation massively in their favor, while also receiving generous taxpayer-financed bailouts as needed?
And Kanjorski probably is right that not much would be required.
Even against tiny Bhutan, China has stepped up its lands claims through military incursions.
All these cases of preemption occurred when China was weak, poor, and internally torn.
China also has started questioning Indian sovereignty over the state of Jammu and Kashmir, one-fifth of which it occupied following the Tibet annexation.
Today, whether it is Arunachal Pradesh or Taiwan or the Senkaku Islands or even the Spratlys, China is dangling the threat of force to assert its claims.
Indeed, the Security Strategy is almost a “National” Strategy.
Obama steers clear both of interventions for humanitarian purposes and of attempting to export democracy by force.
A successful strategy should use civilian means – incidentally a model advocated by the European Union.
A Squandered Golden Opportunity
In theory, we could simply supplement children’s diets with vitamin A in capsules, or add it to some staple foodstuff, the way that we add iodine to table salt to prevent hypothyroidism and goiter.
As the British journal Nature argued in 1992, a broad scientific consensus holds that “the same physical and biological laws govern the response of organisms modified by modern molecular and cellular methods and those produced by classical methods....
A Standby Program for the Eurozone
But we are where we are. A glimmer of hope is Europe’s willingness to use the European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF) imaginatively – as equity or first-loss cover.
If markets start panicking about large eurozone defaults, they could question whether even a willing Germany has the necessary capacity to support the EFSF-ECB combine.
But it is also not the mindless preacher of fiscal austerity that it is accused of being – and it should start taking the lead in managing the crisis, rather than holding up the rear.
A Star is Jailed
Instead, they often seek immunity by running for public office.
This suggests not only that justice in the Philippines has a chance; equally important, it suggests that Filipinos will give justice a chance.
This is hardly the first time I have stressed the need for wholesale debt write-downs.
A gentler way to achieve some modest reduction in public and private debt burdens would be to commit to a period of sustained but moderate inflation, as I recommended in December 2008 in a commentary entitled “Inflation is Now the Lesser Evil.”
At the same time, France and Germany must both come to terms with an approach that leads to far greater political union within a couple of decades.
But the sooner the underlying reality is made transparent and becomes widely recognized, the lower the long-run cost will be.
But no one will bail out these super-sovereigns if the sovereigns prove to be insolvent.
This is needed to prevent even more private debt being put on government balance sheets, causing a fiscal blowout.
Without growth, it will be difficult to stabilize public and private debts and deficits as a share of GDP – the most important indicator of fiscal sustainability. Moreover, without growth, the social and political backlash against painful belt-tightening will eventually undermine austerity and reform.
Home prices exploded after 2000 in North America, Europe, and Asia, and in many isolated places elsewhere in the world.
We used to think that homes were in the same category as automobiles: depreciating assets that grow obsolete over time, are costly to maintain, and go out of style, eventually to be scrapped and replaced.
Thus, the bubble component in home prices is attributed to a surge in land prices, even though land prices outside of bubbly urban areas are vastly lower.
This should put a break on long-run escalation of home prices.
What kinds of power plants will be acceptable in the future? Will they be allowed to emit carbon dioxide as in the past?
The adjustments needed amount to a sizeable deficit-to-balance swing of around $700 billion in the US current account, or nearly 5% of US GNP.
Obama will need to put forward a medium-term fiscal plan that restores government finances.
This time we will need global cooperation.
The story of the US is, indeed, one of two economies.  There is a smaller one that is slowly recovering and a larger one that is still in a deep and persistent downturn.
And the credit crunch for non-investment-grade firms and smaller firms, which rely mostly on access to bank loans rather than capital markets, is still severe.
To be sure, the US government is increasing its budget deficits to put a floor under demand.
The challenges facing both are monumental.
(Or, for that matter, from northern to southern China or in multilingual India, where Hindi is spoken by only 42% of the population.)
Finally, while fiscal systems differ among American states, the overall fiscal burden is under half that of the federal level.
The eurozone countries must first deal with the sovereign-debt crisis, reduce their fiscal deficits, and strengthen the woefully undercapitalized banking system.
But they are heading in opposite directions, because, whereas Pakistan understands why Asia is rising, Myanmar does not.
Pakistan has welcomed foreign trade and investment.
Myanmar, by contrast, broadcasts no information on the dissident Aung San Suu Kyi, and would never allow the reinstatement of a Chief Justice fired by its generals, as Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf did in March, let alone demonstrations in the streets in the Chief Justice’s favor.
But to what avail? Myanmar has effectively isolated itself for more than 50 years.
If a similar impulse could be implanted into Myanmar, both its people and the world would benefit.
Since 1979, these MEPs have been elected direct rather than indirectly from national parliaments.
Third, in Britain at least, the entire political class has been discredited by a sleazy scandal about the expenses that many parliamentarians have paid themselves. Analogies with pigs, snouts, and troughs fill the pages of British newspapers.
They all vote at the same time, for the same institution. But what does an Italian know – or care, for that matter – about British politics?
A Tale of Two Terminals
After all, if China’s political system can still be called socialism, it is at best “socialism with Chinese characteristics,” which embodies an increasing amount of market-oriented economic activity and greater economic openness and transparency.
Following the disturbances in Tibet and the troubles affecting the Olympic torch’s progress around the world, some voices abroad are showing a greater inclination to dismiss, vilify, humiliate, or even split China.
Don’t get me wrong, I am not arguing for fiscal profligacy. But the balance of risks has shifted over the past few years.
Even the United States has infrastructure that is hobbled by neglect, with collapsing bridges and a dangerously overburdened electrical grid. Land-rich Brazil, too, is a case study in the consequences of under-investment.
Private oversight can often produce better and more efficient construction, and, in theory, toll roads help alleviate traffic congestion.
NEW YORK – The upcoming G-20 meeting is a make-or-break event.
The International Financial Institutions (IFIs) are now faced with a novel task: to protect the periphery countries from a storm that emanated from the center.
As things stand now, the G-20 meeting will produce some concrete results: the resources of the International Monetary Fund are likely to be effectively doubled, mainly by using the mechanism of the New Arrangement to Borrow (NAB), which can be activated without resolving the vexing question of reapportioning voting rights in the IFIs.
In addition to the one-time increase in the IMF’s resources, there ought to be substantial annual SDR issues, say, $250 billion, as long as the global recession lasts. To make the scheme counter-cyclical, the SDR issues could be callable in tranches when the global economy overheats.
Here is a list of things to watch for.
Will Europe get its act together? This could have been Europe’s moment.
This explains the almost continuous stream of measures that emanate from Beijing these days: increased public spending, monetary easing, pressure on state enterprises to expand activity, subsidies to exporters, partial convertibility of the remninbi to spur trade with neighboring countries, and so on.
The Great Depression was aggravated by the trade barriers that countries imposed to protect domestic employment.
BERKELEY – The central insight of macroeconomics is a fact that was known to John Stuart Mill in the first third of the nineteenth century: there can be a large gap between supply and demand for pretty much all currently produced goods and services and types of labor if there is an equally large excess demand for financial assets.
The government must ensure that the money supply matches the full-employment level of money demand, and that the supply of safe savings vehicles in which investors can park their wealth also meets demand.
And the rapid reductions in budget deficits that European governments are now pledged to undertake can only increase the likelihood of a full double-dip recession.
Perhaps it has taken the global economic crisis to compel Americans and Europeans to revitalize their cooperation.
The size of the IMF’s executive board should be reduced from 24 to 20 members by consolidating European representation.
With the Europeans, simultaneous pursuit of an “enhanced transatlantic market” would make a new US-EU Doha initiative on agriculture more attractive to both sides, as it would aim at reducing additional barriers to transatlantic trade that are not covered in the multilateral round.
But the host of the celebration, Russia, in the guise of the Soviet Union, itself caused the war – the bloodiest in European history – whose end is being commemorated.
The other countries situated between Germany and the USSR were similarly sentenced to disappear as nations – sooner or later.
A Tribute to James Wolfensohn
He also has placed the World Bank at the center of the effort to help rebuild nations emerging from devastating civil conflict, from Bosnia to Sierra Leone to East Timor.
Wolfensohn’s insistence that corruption be confronted as part of the development process was another valuable step forward.
His legacy will include a World Bank that is firmly committed to a world free of poverty.
If football and its culminating moment, the World Cup, has become the universal religion of the global age, this is above all because it fulfills, in a non-spiritual way, contradictory instincts in human nature.
In my country, France, most supporters were clearly motivated more by post-colonial references than by European allegiance.
Do you believe you can continue to ostracize the communities from which your soccer heroes come?”
The irony is that, even in that slogan’s heyday, Sino-Russian relations were deteriorating fast, culminating in spasms of combat along the Amur River in Siberia less than a decade later.
The more the US challenges the inevitable expansion of China’s “security perimeter,” the better for Russia, or so the Kremlin’s strategists appear to believe.
The more important reasons for the unease are the negative demographic trends in Russia’s far-eastern Trans-Baikal region, and the fear – shared by all of China’s neighbors – of overweening Chinese power.
On Syria, for example, the two countries have shown that we are indeed living in a multipolar world.
Russia will start to feel vulnerable, and will be pushed toward either geopolitical brinkmanship or submission to China’s will.
Most of the works held by those research libraries are still in copyright.
For most authors, that would be enough time to earn the bulk of the income that they would ever receive from their writings; after that, the works would be in the public domain.
Many European countries, as well as Australia, Canada, Israel, and New Zealand, have adopted legislation that creates a “public lending right” – that is, the government recognizes that enabling hundreds of people to read a single copy of a book provides a public good, but that doing so is likely to reduce sales of the book.
Each of us may enjoy rights.
A factor that contributed to their demise was a shift in thinking that transformed the conflict between East and West away from one that emphasized economic systems.  Instead, it was the contrast between totalitarianism and respect for rights that completely discredited the oppressive regimes linked to Moscow and helped to bring them down.
It has also led the way in creating international criminal tribunals that prosecute and punish those who commit war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide.
That is why a US-China standoff is a worldwide problem.
This can best be achieved through institutional relationships based on trust, as well as deep understanding of each other’s needs and capabilities.
Such partnerships would cut by half the cost and time of experimenting and learning for the US, while avoiding redundancy and waste.
Europe, by contrast, is clearly lagging.
This is a fortunate coincidence, because shale-gas production would probably make it politically easier to phase out Poland’s economically and environmentally irrational subsidies to local coal production (and consumption).
A seldom-mentioned reason is that shale-gas development in the US has benefited from important tax incentives – a model that Europe has no reason to emulate.
Fracking is not yet a mature technology, and thus it is very likely to improve over time.
The ecological revolution that the world demands today – a transition to a low-carbon global economy and a low-carbon way of daily life – will require a similarly comprehensive change.
First, a thoroughgoing alteration of highly complex systems will be needed to preserve the world’s climate, just as such root-and-branch changes were needed 20 years ago in the postcommunist countries.
Similar acts of compromise on sustainability, measures to limit consumption, and to ensure equality will require the involvement of all stakeholders in order to gain their acceptance.
Achieving food security means ensuring that all people have consistent, affordable access to the right nutrients, despite land and water limitations, climate change, and the growing prevalence of resource-intensive Western-style diets that accompany rising incomes.
In one area of Kenya, farmers who had to travel 17 kilometers to reach an agrodealer in 2004 had to travel only four kilometers three years later.
As a result, the proportion of people living in poverty fell from 51% in 1991-92 to 28.5% in 2005-06.
In Afghanistan, eight million voters, 40% of them women, chose their first democratically elected President in 5,000 years.
In fact, as NATO Ambassador in the 1970’s, I had to fly back to testify against legislation in the US Congress to withdraw America’s forces from Europe in the middle of the Cold War.
This is why some 60 nations have joined the Proliferation Security Initiative in an effort to keep deadly weapons from dangerous regimes.
Great achievements are possible when the Atlantic community is united.
But elections by themselves don’t bring democracy.
This is where the battle lines are now drawn, and where the future of the country will be decided.
So the dividing line in Pakistan is not between liberals and extremists, but between those who support the status quo and those who oppose it.
For two and a half years, I supported Musharraf and believed his promises to bring genuine democracy to Pakistan.
For example, to make his threats of an interest-rate hike in the midst of a global slowdown credible, the ECB president is using his press conferences to tell the world how strong European growth is.
The crude oil price already has dropped substantially from its highs at the beginning of the year.
A decent settlement with public-sector workers could give Germany a “backdoor” fiscal stimulus just at the right moment – when aggregate demand is flagging.
Some climate scientists believe that 400 ppm of CO2 in the atmosphere is already enough to take us past the tipping point at which we risk a climate catastrophe that will turn billions of people into refugees. They say that we need to get the amount of atmospheric CO2 back down to 350 ppm.
His university, like mine and many others, has a plan to reduce its greenhouse-gas emissions. Yet most of them, including Schrag’s and mine, continue to invest part of their multi-billion-dollar endowments in companies that extract and sell coal.
Those who live on this planet in future centuries will live in a hotter world, with higher sea levels, less arable land, and more extreme hurricanes, droughts, and floods.
Tolerance towards Islam is cowardly appeasement in his eyes.
Some commentators suggest that Wilders, born and raised as a Catholic in a provincial Dutch town, is, like his Muslim enemies, a true believer, driven by the goal of keeping Europe “Judeo-Christian.”
The association of elites with foreignness, tolerance, and metropolitan cities is nothing new.
The Muslim threat is, of course, not a fantasy.
This is the first time that a sitting head of state has been indicted for war crimes, with reaction around the world mainly divided between those who hailed the move as a great step for international justice and those who condemned it as colonialism.
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support, the Darfuri rebels, the Justice and Equality Movement, have walked out of peace talks with Sudan’s government.
In the Nuremberg trial of 1946, which laid the basis of current international law, the main charge against the Nazi leaders was that of “planning and waging aggressive war.”
Until the United States ratifies the ICC treaty, the Court is bound to seem to many to be little more than a politicized kangaroo court.
Its fiscal weakness limits its ability to act as global policeman.
The Watershed concept provides policymakers with a standard to use – or at the very least to debate. It is an organizing tool for policymaking: Is an international challenge a watershed or not?
Unlike the battle against the Axis, the US fought the Cold War in many ways, on many fronts, and over many decades – using politics, economics, and nuclear deterrence, as well as limited armed action, to ensure the USSR’s containment.
A year ago, Chinese and Western intellectuals competed in dismissing popular interest in Tibet as a childlike confusion with the imaginary Shangri-la of the 1937 film Lost Horizon .
In November, Chinese officials, live on national TV, ridiculed Tibetan exiles’ proposals for negotiation. They canceled a European summit because of a meeting between French President Nicolas Sarkozy and the Dalai Lama, and regularly imply that Tibetans are terrorists.
All sides would gain by paying attention to two Tibetan officials in China who dared to speak out last month.
There may not be nostalgia for the Cold War in any of this, but much of that era’s mindset can be perceived again in the arguments being knocked about.
While elimination did take place in the former Soviet Republics, the Kremlin hung on to its nuclear arsenal – the last vestige of Russia’s former superpower status.
But arms-control skeptics take issue with this.
The Obama administration repeatedly denies such claims, along with others that the treaty’s verification provisions remain insufficient.
Market logic, it is argued, dictates this result.
Before 1914, there were three international currencies: the British pound, the French franc, and the German mark.
Some worry about the stability of this world of multiple international currencies.
Compared to private investors, then, central-bank reserve managers are more likely to act as stabilizing speculators.
Europe has not solved the problem of balancing the interests of strong economies in the North and those of weaker economies in the South.
In most other regions, ongoing political divisions have their roots in the Cold War or the colonial era.
America’s failure to win any lasting geopolitical advantage through the use of military force in Iraq and Afghanistan underscore the limits of its power, while its budget crisis ensures that it will cut its military resources sooner rather than later.
We are, in short, moving to a multi-polar world.
For the sake of its own national interests, Israel must come to terms with its neighbors.
Pakistan is hit hard by a wave of monstrous Taleban attacks, and in Afghanistan NATO troops die and are terribly injured in large numbers.
American exasperation has probably been curbed by its need to borrow so much money – much of it from China.
In either of these two more optimistic scenarios, one consequence will be the transfer – actual or putative – of considerable sums of money from developed to emerging or developing countries to cover some of their costs for emissions abatement and environmental protection.
ALBERTA – As China enters the “Year of the Ox,” there is much to reflect on from the past 12 months and even more to speculate about regarding the coming year.
But it has also implemented heavy-handed police and military controls.
For example, the 30th anniversary of China’s reform movement and the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and the United States has been a much-celebrated event this January.
In 2010, we will discover that neither has the power to keep US-Chinese relations on track.
For the foreseeable future, they will depend on local manufacturers to create the jobs that protect both China’s development goals and the Communist Party’s monopoly on domestic political power.

Most Americans care little about China's currency policy or its stance on intellectual property rights.
What matters now is whether Russia’s economy will share Yukos’s fate.
Such “state capture” occurred in Russia in the late 1990’s and to an even greater extent under the Kuchma regime in neighboring Ukraine which, ironically, Putin tried to preserve.

The prize is higher living standards for Russia’s long-suffering people and a recovery in the country’s international standing.
But, when it comes to standards – such as those governing safety, health, and the environment – the market-access requirements are brutal and binary: either you meet the established standard or you do not sell.
Indeed, our research shows that when mutual-recognition agreements include restrictive rules of origin, intra-regional trade increases – at the expense of trade with other countries – and that developing countries tend to suffer most.
Abandoning Asia’s Poor
Social protection, housing, employment, and labor are not on the ADB’s new agenda.
So, what is the ADB’s added value, and whom does it serve?
Several countries have expressed reservations about this.
But there are moments when an individual leader’s choices can change the course of history.
Gül has been placed in this critical position because, in the last election, held in June, Erdoğan’s ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) failed to win a governing majority, much less the constitutional majority that would enable Erdoğan to transform Turkey’s parliamentary system into a presidential one.
When the AKP – which advocated a moderate form of Islamist politics that challenged the secularism that had prevailed since modern Turkey’s founding – won its first election in 2002, it was Gül who served as Prime Minister, because Erdoğan was banned from holding political office at the time.
Such a profile in courage is precisely what Turkey needs today.
Of course, Abe is far from the first Japanese leader to confront this challenge.
Moreover, some have produced portrayals of Japan, as a whole, as an unrepentant country – or, worse, as one that is hell-bent on remilitarization.
In 1998, South Korean President Kim Dae-jung responded positively to a statement by former Japanese Prime Minister Keizo Obuchi.
In the last two years, Japan’s stock market has almost doubled in value, increasing the wealth of Japanese consumers.
The good news is that the tax hike’s impact is temporary.
The TPP would improve Japan’s trade prospects considerably, including in sensitive sectors like agriculture, where exports of fast-moving consumer goods like flowers and vegetables would benefit.
This means compelling businesses to give up some of the special tax benefits they now enjoy.
Annual productivity growth has been stubbornly sluggish, rarely rising above 2% for much of the past two decades, reflecting both missed opportunities and declining cost competitiveness.
For starters, Japanese firms must become more globally integrated.
Others would benefit from moving beyond basic digitization to next-generation technologies, such as big-data analytics.
If Japan’s private sector rises to the challenge, it can move the economy onto a path of faster growth.
Immense trade flows, the rise of billions of new consumers in the emerging world, and technology breakthroughs are rapidly transforming the global economy.
That neglect is a human tragedy.
As a result, the new pasture land or farmland is soon abandoned, with no prospect for regeneration of the original forest and its unique ecosystems.
Such areas not only permit the regeneration of species, but also provide ecological benefits that spill over to neighboring unprotected areas.
Making Do With More
It will take another generation, perhaps, before robots have completely taken over manufacturing, kitchen work, and construction; and the developing world looks to be 50 years behind.
These two traits put a great deal of bargaining power in the hands of those who control production and distribution, making them ideal for a market economy based on private property.
Polluters Must Pay

Meanwhile, the local population has remained impoverished and beset by diseases caused by unsafe air, poisoned drinking water, and pollution in the food chain.
Despite many past promises of a cleanup, Ogoniland remains in environmental agony, impoverished and sickened by the oil industry.
From now on, sustainable development must not be a mere slogan, but rather an operational approach to global governance and well-being on a strained and crowded planet.
And this problem was compounded by the timidity of in-country United Nations officials in communicating such information as they had.
The information was incomplete, but it was solid – and alarming.
Selective memory is a defense mechanism with which we are all familiar.
I refused to accept the invitation from the president of the Human Rights Council at the time, Ambassador Martin Uhomoibhi of Nigeria, to lead the investigation following the Human Rights Council’s January 12, 2009 resolution. As a former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, I felt strongly that the Council’s resolution was one-sided and did not permit a balanced approach to determining the situation on the ground.
For the Israelis, the public statements of Palestinian armed groups celebrating rocket and mortar attacks on civilians strengthen a deep-rooted concern that negotiation will yield little and that their nation remains under existential threat from which only it can protect its people.
With household wealth seriously damaged by the housing crash and other asset-price declines, pensions and retirement provisions are in disarray.
And this is just the baseline scenario.
The problem is all the more pressing because countries can achieve gains in market share not only through higher private-sector competitiveness, but also by means of protectionist measures.
So, two crucial items must claim priority at the top of the world’s economic agenda in the months ahead.
Governments, civil society, and the private sector must rise to the challenge, cooperating to find and implement creative solutions.
A targeted support program could increase substantially the efficiency of spending, freeing up resources for education, health, and poverty eradication.
Private charities, which have been instrumental in promoting innovation in fields such as health care, the environment, and education, could provide valuable insight into channeling aid more effectively.
Duty-free, quota-free access to OECD markets, complemented by simpler, more transparent rules of origin, would raise GDP by 1% in the least-developed countries, lifting millions out of poverty.
Countries undergoing a “middle-income transition” out of poor-country status frequently try to resist these changes, but doing so causes growth to slow, if not stop altogether.
Once a fiscal deal is done, government can step aside and let the private sector drive the structural changes that are needed to restore a pattern of inclusive growth.
But, while that might play well politically, the sensible conclusion is that this is not just a cyclical recovery, but rather the beginning of a delayed process of structural adaptation to a rapidly shifting global economy, to emerging economies’ growth and shifting comparative advantage, and to powerful technological forces.
The crisis, however, merely exposed the underlying imbalances and unwound some of them.
If we prepare societies for more ferocious hurricanes in the future, for example, we are also helping them to cope better with today’s extreme weather.
These are the real reasons we care about global warming.
But much of this damage will be avoided by people choosing for themselves to adapt to a change in their environment.
Reducing emissions to a level that does not extinguish economic growth could avert $3 trillion worth of damage, whereas adaptation could prevent around $8 trillion worth of damage.
As such, the long-term consequences are likely to be regrettable.
In August, the currency’s exchange-rate regime was loosened slightly.
Conceivably, over the longer term, China’s successful campaign could now open the door to lobbying by other governments to include their currencies as well. Why not add the Swiss franc or the Canadian dollar?
The political reasons for including the renminbi in the SDR are all too clear. Unfortunately, the risks of doing so are no less obvious.

Climate change will be a major driver of such events, and we risk much worse.
They point to the savings available from energy efficiency, and to the market opportunities generated by clean-energy technologies as the processes of learning and discovery take hold.
They want to promote investment and economic growth, create jobs, stabilize public finances, expand markets, turn profits, ensure reliable energy and food supplies, produce goods and services, reduce poverty, and build cities. So the primary question that we need to ask is not whether we can reduce emissions, but how public policy can help to achieve these core goals while reducing emissions and building a more climate-resilient economy.
Some major businesses are providing powerful examples of what is possible.
As science makes clear how imperative the climate question is, it is time for economists and policymakers to explain how it can be answered.
China, for example, would lose from an attack that severely damaged the American economy, and vice versa.
Nonetheless, it may be possible to identify behaviors like cyber crime that are illegal in many domestic jurisdictions.
तभी मेरे निजी जीवन के बारे में कानाफूसी होनी शुरू हो गई, और मैंने फ़ैसला कर लिया कि अब इससे बाहर आने का समय आ गया है। इसलिए अपनी लिंगीयता के बारे में चर्चा करने के लिए मैं नाइजीरिया के सबसे ज़्यादा देखे जाने वाले टीवी वार्ता शो पर जाने के लिए राजी हो गया।
इस तरह के सरकारी नज़रिए ने अफ़्रीका के समलैंगिक पुरुषों और स्त्रियों के लिए बहुत अधिक पीड़ादायक स्थिति पैदा की है। निश्चित रूप से, अनेक अफ़्रीकी देशों में समलैंगिक लोगों के लिए होमोफोबिया की क़ीमत दर्दनाक रूप से स्पष्ट है: क़ानूनी दंड, सामाजिक बहिष्कार, और भीड़ का न्याय।
नाइजीरिया में, 2005 में अपनी लिंगीयता के बारे में संदेह होने के कारण अपना कार्य खोने वाले लोगों की बढ़ती संख्या के निदान के रूप में मैंने समान अधिकारों के लिए स्वतंत्र परियोजना (TIERS) शुरू की थी। अपने पहले साल के दौरान, हमने दर्जनों लोगों को सहायता प्रदान की। एक युवक "ओलुमाइड" को तब अस्थायी आवास दिया गया जब उसके परिवार ने समलैंगिक होने के कारण उसे घर से बाहर निकाल दिया था। एक अन्य व्यक्ति "उछे" को उसकी लिंगीयता का राज़ खुलने के बाद उसे बावर्ची की नौकरी से निकाल दिया गया था। TIERS ने उसे आवास दिया और केटरिंग व्यवसाय स्थापित करने के लिए पूँजी की मदद की। हालाँकि लगभग 10 साल बीत चुके हैं, लेकिन उनके असली नाम का उपयोग करना अभी भी सुरक्षित नहीं है।
NEWPORT BEACH – Two variants of financial crisis continue to wreak havoc on Western economies, fueling joblessness and poverty: the one that we read about regularly in newspapers, involving governments around the world; and a less visible one at the level of small and medium-size businesses and households.
Indeed, they have shared only one, albeit crucial (and disappointing) feature: the inability to rely on rapid growth as the “safest” way to deleverage an over-indebted economy.
They range from subdued bank lending to unusually high risk aversion, and from discredited credit vehicles to the withdrawal of some institutions from credit intermediation altogether.
The European Central Bank is taking a similarly indirect approach.
A Rest Stop for Europe
Such a move would alleviate anxiety in the short term, thereby giving Europeans the opportunity to regroup in preparation for future steps toward a more integrated Europe and a more resilient euro.
The case for returning fiscal responsibility to national authorities is also strong – and not only because centralized fiscal authority has proved to be so inefficient.
In the United States, each state is responsible for its fiscal management, without being forced to comply with a single, overarching template.
Giving Europeans the time and space to choose more Europe would reinforce the core values upon which integration has rested for more than six decades.
But, in the early 1970’s, President Richard M. Nixon expanded the scope of affirmative action.

But, in comparing groups, it is permitted to use an individual’s status as member of an under-represented minority in his or her favor.
Things aren’t going well in Afghanistan.
There are four preconditions of the West’s success:
Nevertheless, the US at least has a Pakistan policy – which is more than can be said about NATO and Europe.
Europe would have to pay an unacceptably high price, and NATO’s future would likely be jeopardized.
For example, speaking recently in New Delhi, Secretary of State John Kerry said that the key to stabilizing Afghanistan is to build a “new silk road” connecting it with central Asia – a cynical contrivance apparently aimed at cloaking America’s failure in illusions of future commerce.
(Indeed, Karzai has reportedly already met with Taliban representatives for secret talks aimed at restarting the stalled peace initiative.)
In order to make the best of a grim situation, India must be prepared to protect its own interests at all costs.
Everything else is left to patriarchal discretion.   Here, no one will intervene except to reinforce the application of   the patriarch's rights – say, in stoning a supposedly wayward girl, or turning a blind eye to so-called “honor killings” of women.
As a result, women must be strictly secluded and made invisible when in public, for they are personally responsible for the desire that they could ignite in schools, hospitals, parks, or markets. The all-covering burqa ensures sufficient anonymity to permit women a certain amount of freedom in public space.
Yet an awareness of alternatives is seeping in through the media, even in remote provinces.
Afghanistan’s Drug-Friendly Environment
But the Taliban’s rapid rise in the 1990’s was inextricably linked to the failure of irrigation systems.
Forestry has always been a problem in Afghanistan.
Safety concerns and cost also limit intervention by international conservation organizations.
On April 16, more than 300 Afghani women – many of them students – marched together in Kabul in protest of a new law passed by Parliament that would impose a series of Taliban-like restrictions on women.
In India, for example, feminists articulated to me a vision of women’s equality that was family-centered rather than self-centered, and that valued service to community rather than personal gratification.
We know by now what our problems are as women in the West, and we know the blueprint for solving them.
This year’s record harvest of 6,100 tons of opium will generate more than $3 billion in illicit revenue – equivalent to almost half of Afghanistan’s GDP.
Senior government officials take their cut of opium revenues or bribes in return for keeping quiet.
Donors have trained police and prosecutors and built courts and detention centers.
Improving security and the rule of law must include destroying the opium trade.
To achieve this, Afghanistan needs more development assistance.
Indeed, since 1980’s the industrialization that had taken place in Africa has by and large been reversed.
The current drought covering much of East Africa – far more severe than past droughts – has been directly associated with climate change.
One conservative estimate – which has a reasonable chance of being accepted precisely because it is conservative – calls for $50 billion per year as of 2015, increasing to $100 billion by 2020 and beyond.
It is about the inappropriate priorities in how resources are allocated. It is about moral values that make it appropriate to rescue bankers, who expect everyone but themselves to pay for the mess they created, and inappropriate to compensate the world’s poorest people, whose survival is threatened precisely because of the mess created by developed countries.
African governments and businesses take a more nuanced view.
Exports from Africa to Asia increased more than sixfold between 2001 and 2011.
Much of Asia’s investment in Africa has focused on infrastructure that directly supports African priorities: telecoms, power plants and transmission lines, water and sanitation, roads and railways, ports, aviation, and airports.
DAKAR – This week, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia’s capital and a city full of symbolic importance for all of Africa, will host the Third International Conference on Financing for Development.
The good news is that there has been real progress on this front.
These incentives often deprive our governments of resources that could be used to fund essential development projects.
Africa’s Path from Poverty
Until recently, few believed that Africa, too, could become a center for modern manufacturing. But, with the right policies, there is no reason why African countries could not follow a similar trajectory.
They will become familiar with the technology and learn how to maintain consistent quality in the production line.
I moved to mainland China in 1979, when the country's per capita income was less than one-third of Sub-Saharan Africa's. Today, China has become an upper-middle-income country, and it is on track to become a high-income country by 2020.
As a result, demand for African sovereign debt has been rising steadily, and many recent issuances have been oversubscribed. When Côte d’Ivoire issued $1 billion in Eurobonds in February, demand outstripped supply by a factor of four.
The resulting lack of competition has led to prohibitive borrowing costs for governments and high exposure for banks.
On the other hand, they are in desperate need of energy, with some 1.3 billion people around the world – and two out of three Africans – currently lacking access to electricity.
As prices continue to fall and technologies mature, each dollar invested produces more power.
Indeed, the International Renewable Energy Agency estimates that the continent’s potential for wind and solar power alone amounts to more than 1.5 trillion gigawatt hours a year.
Affordable solutions to both problems are within reach, and much of the world – particularly Africa – has a unique opportunity to leapfrog to the next generation of electricity generation.
Throughout modern history, industrialization has been the most effective driver of structural poverty reduction, owing to its capacity to expand employment opportunities, boost productivity, and increase wages.
The key is effective multi-stakeholder partnerships that bring together all major players in the development process, including governments, bilateral and multilateral development agencies, national and international development finance institutions, the private sector, civil society, and even academia.
The resulting household air pollution contributes to 600,000 deaths annually – half of them children under the age of five.
So why has the market for solar power yet to take off? Part of the problem is that poor households cannot afford the up-front costs of solar technologies.
But, while it is true that more power is urgently needed, this approach ignores a few inconvenient truths.
Souley Madi is one of the most productive cotton growers in the Badjengo Cameroon, an area where the lush forests of central Africa give way to the semi-arid Sahel.
Nor does he needs expensive machinery to plant his seeds; his plow is drawn by cattle, and he pushes seeds into the ground with his bare hands.
The US and Europe offered only a token reduction, scotching a deal.
In some parts of Africa, cotton growers are expanding production, providing proof that if the US and Europe did somehow curtail their own cotton output, Africans could plug the gap.
Africa\u0027s Debt Dilemma
Still, the Jubilee campaign's street protests began a healthy debate about the lending arrangements of the IMF/World Bank.
For example, per capita growth between 1965 and 1998
These clauses have yet to be invoked, but for the sake of unity and to strengthen the solidarity of African countries, it would be advisable for the nascent African Union take the lead.
Moreover, several African countries have received ratings from credit agencies, which has opened up global financial centers to them.
Urbanization has given rise to a dynamic informal sector.
This approach, widely developed by Morocco and the Portuguese-speaking world, is epitomized by the zero-commission policy initiated by the Spanish bank Santander and its Moroccan counterpart, Attijariwafa Bank.
Africa’s Dictator-Diplomat
To his credit, child mortality was reduced by 40% under his government; Ethiopia’s economy became more diversified, with new industries like car manufacturing, beverages, and floriculture; and major infrastructure projects, including Africa’s largest hydroelectric dam, were launched.
He will be remembered for accepting the painful secession of Eritrea in 1993, rather than prolong the civil war, and for his efforts to reach an agreement with Egypt over the use of the Blue Nile waters.
For example, groups like Freedom House and Human Rights Watch have documented widespread official repression of the Oromo people.
But, thanks to prudent management of public finances during previous periods of robust growth, a significant number of African countries have endured the current crisis in better fiscal shape than during past crises.
Banks are provided with a facility to monitor their positions in real time and hence make cost-effective investment decisions.
The micro-finance business model is based on lending that is guaranteed by the group.
This will be a welcome development, because a large proportion of intra-regional trade is carried out by informal operators and small and medium enterprises that do not have access to the banking system.
Even robust China and India are experiencing slower growth, curtailed ambitions, and broken dreams.
From Ghana to Kenya, governments are having increased difficulty in raising money for infrastructure projects and selling official debt.
Remittances have long spurred inflation in many parts of Africa.
In Africa, very few people borrow money for such purchases.
Trading in derivatives by investment banks, hedge funds, and other market participants, reaps huge profits for traders while depriving the real economy of productive investment and job creation.
The opposite is true for regional groupings in Africa and in the Middle East where trade with the outside world is more important than intra-regional trade.
But a sector-by-sector approach could mitigate these handicaps, and, given the pressing need to address demand for energy and climate change, it might be strategically advisable to start with the energy sector.   
Regional groups of countries in eastern, southern, and western Africa are all giving priority to the idea of creating a monetary union.
Here, the model to follow is not the euro, but Latin America’s Southern Common Market (Mercosur) and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
By contrast, trade among African countries accounts for only about 10-12% of the continent’s exports and imports.
What it does not require is a currency union.
As a result, West African oil producers will be earning an estimated $200 billion over the next decade, more than 10 times the sum Western countries allocate each year to the "aid industry" in the region.
This was the objective set by the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, which requested that the publication of multinational oil companies' payments to governments be made mandatory.
That is a shame, for here was a moment to expose the flaws of most African leaders throughout our tormented history.
Yet there he lay, and with a copy of my book The Man Died beside him.
If benchmarks such as focus, mobilization, commitment, organization, and sheer impact are any guide, then the prize goes to the media’s baleful role in preparing the Rwandan massacre of 1994, and in directing, overseeing, and stoking the fervor of the génocidaires once the extermination of Tutsis began.
African civil society, whose mouthpiece is the press, cannot escape some measure of reproach for its failure to urge leaders to rescue fellow Africans.
Africa\u0027s Quest for Power
As a result, most Africans use biomass (animal and vegetable wastes and firewood) for lighting, cooking, and heating.
Thus, institutions are rendered more democratic and governments become more transparent and responsible.
Several projects, including some in the energy sector, have been prepared or are under preparation, and four have already been approved for financing by the Bank.
The signs are already ominous.
The slave trade, colonialism, and the flawed process of colonial divestment all left their mark on Africa’s newly independent and fragile states.
But climate-change mitigation and adaptation are costly.
A nurse, Wangari counts on income from farming to raise money to buy more land – for more farming.
Perhaps the most visible political support for absentee agriculture is in Liberia, a small West African country where civil war destroyed agriculture, rendering the population dependent on food imports, even today.
One key tool is the mobile phone.
Now, ordinary Lusakans want to cook similar meals in their own homes, driving demand for farmers who produce such delicacies as dried pumpkin, “black jack” leaves, and fresh Okra.
Government and rebel leaders around the globe have been put on notice that criminal conduct will no longer be given a free pass.
Similarly, in Sudan’s Darfur region, there has been no genuine peace process to disrupt, as attacks on civilians continue to be reported, even after the United Nations Security Council referred the matter to the ICC in 2005. Even so, the ICC prosecutor’s application for an arrest warrant for al-Bashir – announced this past July – has yet to provoke a widely-feared crackdown on humanitarian organizations.
The long history of Africa’s exploitation demands that this concern not be dismissed out of hand.
Nigeria has been convulsed by religious violence triggered by the cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad published in a Danish newspaper months ago.
For example, among the Luhya in Western Kenya, it is not uncommon for Muslims to slaughter animals during funerals, even though, strictly speaking, there is no such provision in Islam.
It is no exaggeration to argue that the more Arabized African Muslims along the Kenyan and Tanzanian coasts (including the island of Zanzibar) consider themselves “more Muslim” than the less Arabized Muslims inland.
The challenge is certainly daunting.
This makes it difficult to raise financing for all-important urban infrastructure through traditional user-pays models.
Given that so much of Africa’s urban environment is yet to be built, the continent has a unique opportunity to get it right the first time, establishing itself as a world leader in high-productivity, low-carbon development, supported by recent technological innovations.
Residents of the informal settlement of Kibera, outside Nairobi, are addressing this problem with “bio-centers” – public sanitation facilities run by locals that generate revenue from the sale of harvested methane gas.
In this process, African leaders will undoubtedly confront resistance from their societies’ vested interests.
This modern form of migration raises massive problems for countries on the receiving end.
Even in Israel, the last true immigration country - at least for Jews - assimilation is no longer so easy.
The "salad bowl" of so-called multiculturalism is no real alternative, because it does not provide the necessary glue that binds communities together. All the ingredients remain separate from the outset.
Berlin's Turkish community and the North African communities around Paris seem increasingly separate, with their own public sphere and often language.
How can confidence be restored as the crisis economies plunge into recession? How can growth be revived when austerity will almost surely mean a further decrease in aggregate demand, sending output and employment even lower?
Europe as a whole is not in bad fiscal shape; its debt-to-GDP ratio compares favorably with that of the United States.
Taking the lectures seriously – &#160;even adopting tight budget frameworks –&#160;can be counterproductive.
So many economies are vulnerable to natural disasters – earthquakes, floods, typhoons, hurricanes, tsunamis –&#160;that adding a man-made disaster is all the more tragic.
Sebetulnya, tantangan yang ditimbulkan ISIS justru menjadi seruan bagi kita untuk menerapkan beberapa tindakan, sebab tidak ada kebijakan tunggal yang memadai.
Hal ini berarti menyediakan intelijen, senjata, dan kemauan untuk menugaskan lebih banyak tentara – lebih dari 3.500 tentara Amerika sudah bertugas disana dan kemungkinan akan ada penambahan 10.000 tentara – untuk melatih, memberi masukan, dan membantu mengarahkan tindakan militer.
Secara prinsip, dan seiring berjalannya waktu, pemerintah pusat yang lebih representatif akan terbentuk, walaupun pembahasan mengenai rencana pemilihan umum dalam waktu 18 bulan ke depan nampaknya terlalu bermuluk-muluk.
Retail terrorists – individu atau kelompok melakukan serangan bersenjata ke kelompok rentan di masyarakat – sangat sulit diatasi.
If so, the global system that has secured peace, security, openness, and economic growth over the past six decades could be in grave danger.
Although many states now hide behind an alleged universal principle of inviolable state sovereignty, for example, would the international community really want to go back to the old model where states did whatever they wanted to their citizens within the confines of their own borders? Do countries around the world believe that they will be better off if the global trade system breaks down or international shipping lanes become less secure?
But, although America has been far from perfect over the last six decades, the end of the
The sudden discontinuation of the supply of petroleum and natural resources from Russia in the early 1990’s, the failure of the centrally-planned economy, and the subsequent massive famine in the mid-1990’s left North Korea’s leaders no alternative but to tolerate informal market activities.
The problem is that North Korea has no experience with collective leadership.
As a result, the economy may worsen and political instability increase.
In the wake of the death of the utopian - and often bloody - certainties of the 19th and 20th centuries (Communism's collapse was but the latest spectacular example), and with fading belief in the liberal welfare state, traditional views about work, retirement, education, the Church, solidarity, and other social institutions are changing rapidly.
Innovative start-up firms become huge companies faster than ever before.
Indeed, politics everywhere now seems dominated by the "war of lifestyles" that has emerged from today's emphasis on individual autonomy.
So long as these ideas clash, violence will lurk.
Thus, as banks return to profitability, politicians in North America and Europe have begun to talk again about new taxes that would skim those profits off to the benefit of taxpayers, whose support kept banks in business at the height of the crisis.
To paraphrase William Wordsworth, bliss was it in that dawn to be alive, and to be a derivatives trader was very heaven.
During the two decades leading up to World War I, the financial sector grew almost four times faster than the economy, in the first wave of financial deepening and globalization, but from 1918 until the 1970’s, finance expanded less rapidly than average economic growth.
Returns of 20% on equity targets are a thing of the past.
The politicians prefer to postpone the inevitable by putting public money where private money will no longer go, because doing so allows creditors to maintain the fiction that the accounting value of the Greek bonds that they hold need not be reduced.
Eliminating or reducing this trade gap without depressing economic activity and employment in Greece requires that the country export more and import less.
To see why it will be difficult for Greece to remain competitive, assume that the rest of the eurozone experiences annual productivity gains of 2%, while monetary policy limits annual price inflation to 2%.
After the Guns of August
Saudi Arabia, which had remained silent for nearly two weeks, did so with a $500 million contribution to rebuilding devastated areas of Lebanon and another billion to support Lebanon’s threatened currency.
Thus, for 300 million Arabs and more than one billion Muslims the “root cause” of the Middle East conflict is not Hezbollah. As its leader, Hassan Nasrallah aptly put it, “We are just a reaction to chronic injustice.”
CAMBRIDGE – In 2000, 189 countries collectively adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration, which evolved into a set of concrete targets called the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs).
And there is evidence that they got advanced countries to pay more attention to poor nations.
Poor countries promised to refocus their development efforts while rich countries pledged to support them with finance, technology, and access to their markets.
But it is doubtful that even well-intentioned policymakers have a good handle on, say, how to raise secondary-school completion rates sustainably or reduce maternal mortality.
Advanced countries are certain to resist any new commitments.
Diplomacy, of course, should not be viewed as a favor or concession that signals “softness.”
Reasonableness does not always yield results.
In the Middle East, despite Obama’s vow to re-start the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, progress remained stymied by differences over the scope and content of an agreement and how to bring it about.
Finally, some of what the Obama administration chose to do (singling out Israeli settlements, for example) and how it did it (Guantánamo comes to mind) made tough situations tougher.
NEW HAVEN – The devastation – both human and physical – from the earthquake and tsunami in Japan is unfathomable. It is impossible at this point to gauge the full extent of the damage with any degree of precision.
Among emerging-markets, the Philippines and Indonesia are the most exposed to Japan, which absorbs about 16% of their total exports.
Economies grow at something much closer to their stall speeds, thus lacking the cyclical “escape velocity” required for a self-sustaining recovery.
In an era of extraordinarily high unemployment, political pressures only compound the problem.
From asset bubbles and a dysfunctional financial system to currency suppression and monetary-policy blunders, Japan has been in many respects the laboratory of our future.
Nowhere is this trend more damaging than in today’s mercantile approach to art.
Unfortunately, that is no surprise.
Are all the extremists searching for a new coherence, for a lost illusion of togetherness and a new hope of resurrection?
Aging, the Final Frontier
How can changing a single gene do this?
Interestingly, selective breeding for small dogs produced IGF-1 hormone mutants, which, as would be predicted from aging research, live much longer then large dogs.
Whether rapamycin will have the same effect in humans is not clear.
But, given the perennial allure of a longer, youthful, and healthy life, I suspect that this situation will soon begin to change.
On average, per capita income in the countries that are the source of these investments is four times higher than in the target countries.
Supporters of free markets will argue that if local landowners wish to sell their land, that is their choice to make.&#160;
But the evictions took place in 2001, and the villagers are still living in extreme poverty.
Israel’s leaders see their country’s standing in the region being seriously threatened by the emergence of a hostile Islamist regime in Egypt; the possibility that a similarly hostile regime will eventually emerge in Syria; the fragility of traditionally friendly Jordan; and the dangerous boost that the regional Islamist awakening has given to Israel’s sworn enemies, Hamas and Hezbollah.
Moreover, the conventional assumption that the region’s Sunni Arab regimes would give tacit approval to a military attack on Iran’s nuclear installations must be revisited in the wake of the Arab Spring – particularly in the aftermath of the recent, sudden upsurge in anti-American violence throughout the Muslim world.
The saddest part of the story is Israel’s utter indifference to the need to build international legitimacy for its drive to stop Iran’s nuclear program.

Likewise, the World Health Organization issued a major call to scale up development assistance for health.
In 1995, total aid for health care was around $7.9 billion.
Another $10-15 billion in annual aid (that is, roughly $10-15 more per person in the high-income world), bringing total aid to around $40 billion per year, would enable still greater progress to be made in the coming years.
FREETOWN – China’s decision to establish the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank has sparked a lively debate among governments, global finance experts, and development specialists.
Our first efforts focused on developing the “software” of post-conflict development: basic education and health-care facilities, accountable economic and political governance, and the creation of new social safety nets.
These institutions’ leaders must always remember for whom they are ultimately working; local communities must be empowered to play a role in shaping the development agenda, and more must be done to engage with them directly, through a fully devolved structure.
Special attention should be devoted to areas like procurement, monitoring and supervision, and capacity building.
So far, the AIIB has not sought to amend the principle that the largest contributor to a multilateral organization gets the largest say in running it.
With the incumbents unwilling to bring China’s voting share in line with its economic might, China had little choice but to launch its own institution.
Given massive global demand for infrastructure finance – which, according to ADB estimates, will amount to $8 trillion in Asia alone over the next decade – the AIIB should not be considered a threat to the World Bank, the ADB, or other multilateral lenders.
The AIIB and Chinese Strategy
Founded in 1966, the ADB has been led ever since by Japan and the United States, owing to their combined total of 15.7% investment in the bank’s capital.

For example, Steve Walt and John Mearsheimer, in their notorious essay “The Israel Lobby,” asserted that AIPAC manufactured the Iraq War.
He also put AIPAC in the same category as the Republicans who “were responsible” for leading the US into the Iraq war.
It is increasingly identified with the Republican agenda and Israel’s evangelical Christian supporters, even though polls have repeatedly shown that Jews are America’s most liberal ethnic group.
More dangerous, Netanyahu could achieve his next goal: preventing a strategic détente between the US and Iran that would enable cooperation in resolving major regional conflicts, from Yemen to Syria.
Organisasi Kesehatan Dunia (WHO) menyebutnya “satu-satunya risiko kesehatan lingkungan hidup yang terbesar” dan memperkirakan 90% penduduk Eropa terpapar dengan polusi outdoor yang melebihi batas kualitas utama berdasarkan pedoman WHO.
Di saat para politisi Eropa berpendapat perlindungan lingkungan hidup akan melemahkan perekonomian Eropa yang sudah memburuk, tentu tidak mengejutkan bila upaya mengurangi polusi udara tidak berhasil.
Inti dari upaya Tiongkok adalah meningkatnya penggunaan transportasi publik, perdagangan hijau (green trade), dan penyempurnaan campuran energi (energy mix).
Eropa, sebagai salah satu wilayah terkaya di dunia, selayaknya berada di baris terdepan dalam upaya menggalakkan keberlanjutan lingkungan hidup.
When legislators finally enacted the enabling legislation in May 2013, victims were dismayed to discover that the commission would be allowed to recommend amnesties for crimes against humanity, in contravention of international principles and United Nations guidelines.
Half-measures will not do.
Human suffering and victims’ dignity are too powerful to be erased by others’ political pacts. Eventually, the past demands its due: justice is not just an ideal; it is an investment in a better future.
He thought that he was giving balanced testimony to Congress on government budget issues.
Against them you have to set what former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers calls Greenspan’s “golden glove” performance at avoiding and minimizing recessions during his years at the Fed.
And Greenspan eschews paternalism: he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they cannot buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it.
But even in the absence of overarching global legal frameworks, it is possible to maintain a sense of common security if the terms of resource investments are founded on long-term political understanding and commercial relationships, rather than short-term competition.
Given Egypt’s concerns about potential water shortages arising from Ethiopia’s new upstream hydropower plants, its assent is far from assured.
The political risks of investing in Nigeria’s agriculture sector are also rising as a result of the country’s demographic explosion, high inflation, weak rule of law, and insecure land rights, with wider political consequences.
We know what needs to be done, why it is important, and who must be involved to secure our planet’s long-term future.
In a world of limited and scarce resources, countries and companies will be forced to make decisions that affect one another’s security.
Australia, for example, is a large coal exporter but imports most of its refined fuels and holds just three days of fuel stockpiles.
For example, tropical rainforests play a crucial function in maintaining stable weather and rainfall, acting as a “pump” that helps moisture travel between different regions.
Some of these multilateral processes – in particular, those seeking an ambitious global climate agreement – appear to be moving in slow motion and against the grain of geopolitical interests.
For many, Alexander Hamilton has become a contemporary hero.
There is, he maintained, “an intimate connection between public virtue and public happiness.”
He proposed a model of joint-stock banking on a national scale, which ran into immediate opposition (curiously, his proposal was much more influential in Canada).
The Civil War revealed the centrality of a common foundation of morality to Hamilton’s approach to debt and public finance.
Just as presidential elections in the United States matter for the entire world, mayoral elections in Moscow matter for Russia’s national politics – and thus for its economy.
The most important indication of this is the participation of Alexei Navalny – by far the Kremlin’s most persistent political opponent.
Navalny’s campaign is crowd-funded by ordinary Russians, who understand that he is not on the payroll of an oligarch or the government.
Elem Klimov’s cinematic magnum opus “Come and See” depicted World War II without the heroics on which we were reared, highlighting the tremendous human suffering instead.
War and post-war lived in the home of our soul.”
Public reaction to both was mixed.
While this brutally matter-of-fact tone can make readers uneasy (indeed, it was one reason why I took so long to read the book), we cannot afford to be ignorant of the truth, even – or perhaps especially – if it makes us squirm.
Moreover, this summer, the writer and literary critic Sarah Danius became the first woman in 200 years to serve as the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, which chooses the Nobel laureate in literature.
Greece wants them back.
The systematic study of persuasion began during World War II, when the US Army recognized that fighting a nation mesmerized by Hitler would require bolstering troop motivation and rallying popular support for the war.
At that point, only one conclusion is possible: The plundered Marbles must be reunited in their historical home and exhibited to the world as the ancient artists intended.
Countries that did not experience recent bank meltdowns, such as Canada, Australia, China, Brazil, and India, are unenthusiastic.
During the crisis, taxpayers were on the hook for almost a quarter of national income.
By contrast, some finance specialists favor forcing banks to rely much more on “contingent” debt that can be forcibly converted to (possibly worthless) stock in the event of a system-wide meltdown.
And what about the second tax proposed by the IMF, on banks’ profits and bonuses? Such a tax is politically appealing, but ultimately it makes little sense – except, perhaps, in a crisis year when bank subsidies are glaringly transparent.
About 600,000 people have been killed and hundreds of thousands made into refugees.
Third, successive governments widened the ethnic divide through catastrophically predatory governance.
Violence only receded in 2003, when the main rebel group, the
Yet it would be dangerous to redress past imbalances solely at the expense of traditional beneficiaries, especially because they remain powerful enough to derail the peace process.
But unemployment has risen even faster and further than expected.
It will encourage the reemergence of global imbalances.
Rather, it is emerging markets like China.
And lowering administrative barriers to imports might redirect more spending toward foreign goods than the authorities intend.
For China, leadership means assuming additional risks.
The mystique of immense wealth, noble birth, and great exclusivity is further sustained by the global mass media that promote these rituals.
This is the vengeful side of our fawning, as though the humiliation of worshipping idols must be balanced by our delight in their downfall.
Monarchies are often popular with minorities.
That is what she means when she preaches tolerance and mutual understanding.
Alliances of the Air
The choice, they aver, is a purely professional one, made by the Indian Air Force, and only ratified by the ministry.
At a time when US nuclear-reactor purchases – made possible by the historic deal negotiated by the Bush administration – have been held up by US insistence on exemptions from supplier liability in the event of an accident, some regard India’s spurning of US aircraft as a gratuitous rejection of an opportunity to demonstrate that friendship with India helps America, too.
The US, too, has a strong interest in Indian strategic autonomy, which would be buttressed by a wider range of external partnerships, including with the European states that will benefit from the aircraft tender.
Against the backdrop of the sub-prime crisis, the disasters at many financial institutions, and the weakening of the stock market, these “masters of the universe” seemed less omniscient than they did a short while ago.
But one lesson of modern finance theory is that, in well functioning financial markets, repackaging risks should not make much difference.
This time, a vote at the end of the session supported my view by a margin of three to one. 
Unfettered markets may produce big bonuses for CEO’s, but they do not lead, as if by an invisible hand, to societal well-being.
Technically, reducing a deficit is a straightforward matter: one must either cut expenditures or raise taxes.
Even if this widens the deficit in the short run, it will reduce the national debt in the long run.
Then there are the seemingly endless giveaways of national resources – from the free spectrum provided to broadcasters to the low royalties levied on mining companies to the subsidies to lumber companies.
Why should we doubt that some people act altruistically, at least some of the time? In evolutionary terms, we can easily understand altruism toward kin and others who can reciprocate our help.
In the US alone, individuals gave $240 billion to charity in 2013.
After all, as Geffen presumably knew, the family of Avery Fisher had to be compensated with a payment of $15 million in order to agree to the renaming.
To achieve their aims, they use reason and evidence to ensure that whatever resources they devote to doing good will be as effective as possible.
Predicting the onset of Alzheimer’s, let alone preventing or curing it, remains an immense challenge.
Indeed, the risk of Alzheimer’s doubles if a parent or sibling has it, probably due in large part to the presence of the ApoE gene.
Memory and other cognitive tests can reveal whether one has minor problems with some aspects of thinking – a condition known as “mild cognitive impairment” that precedes Alzheimer’s disease.
The Experts’ Advantage
We see similar findings in other fields. My research shows that the world’s best universities, for example, are likely to be led by exceptional scholars whose performance continues to improve over time.
This sort of leadership arrangement creates a virtuous circle.
Ambivalent Arabia
Not long after the September 2001 terrorist attacks in the United States, these liberal reformers joined with 160 other professionals to write and sign a petition to Crown Prince Abdullah asking for reforms.
Those who submitted had their passports withdrawn, lost their jobs, and were forbidden to speak to the press.
This silence is vital to the princes, for what the al-Saud care about most is US support.
Under Bouteflika’s leadership, Algeria’s government has failed to address the country’s most pressing economic and social challenges.
But, to gain credibility, the opposition parties will have to extend their criticism beyond Bouteflika to the system as a whole.
With the civil war of the 1990’s long over, security officials cannot explain why Algerians are being arrested for demanding jobs.
In this context, the failure of the government’s half-baked attempts to buy off protesters is unsurprising.
But it would take a medium-sized political miracle for these hopes not to be disappointed, and such a miracle will not happen – whoever is elected.
Another piece of bad (or good?) news is that a more multilateral American policy will increase the pressure on Europeans to take on more responsibility for international crisis management and conflict resolution – in Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, the Middle East, Transcaucasia, and Russia, and with respect to Turkey’s future.
In light of these developments, does it still make sense to speak of “the West”? I believe it does, more than ever, because the rift between Europe and America leaves both sides substantially weaker in global terms.
And that is a good thing.
Let us start with some simple aeronautic dynamics, using an analogy that my PIMCO colleague, Bill Gross, came up with to describe the economic risks facing the American economy.
The private sector alone cannot and will not counter the risk of stall speed.
Underlying it all was a willingness to evolve – a drive for perfection through experimentation.
America, China, and the Productivity Paradox
And this time the downturn is global in scope, affecting the world’s two largest economies, the US and China, most of all.
With revolutionary technologies now driving the creation of new markets (digital media and computerized wearables), services (energy management and DNA sequencing), products (smartphones and robotics), and technology companies (Alibaba and Apple), surely productivity growth must be surging.
Indeed, white-collar knowledge workers – that is, most workers in advanced economies – are now tethered to their workplaces essentially 24 hours a day, seven days a week, a reality that is not reflected in the official statistics.
But there will come a time when this tailwind subsides and China begins to converge on the so-called frontier of the advanced economies.
NEW YORK – In the coming decades, nothing will matter more for global peace, prosperity, and governance than how the United States and China handle the ongoing shift in their relative power.
Is there another way to manage the relationship that, while reflecting the reality of these forces and mindsets on both sides, would not risk turning legitimate competition into dangerous confrontation? In a new report for the Harvard Kennedy School’s Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Kevin Rudd, former Australian Prime Minister and now head of the Asia Society Policy Institute, outlines just such a strategy, which he calls “constructive realism”.
China’s rise will continue, and the world – including the US – will have to find principled ways of peacefully accommodating it.
He meant it to refer to Europe's divisions, but in May, ten additional states joined the European Union.
Political arrangements are somewhat more problematic.
Not only would it add to anti-American attitudes and fail to accomplish its objectives, but it over-estimates the extent to which the new Europe is being formed in opposition to the US.
If one looks at foreign direct investment, it is clear that the two sides of the Atlantic are closely integrated.
At the insistence of the United States, an earlier reference by the G-20 to a definite date for completing the Doha Round was dropped.
Perhaps the chief mistake, as with recent “Buy American” provisions in US legislation, was to allow the Employ American Workers Act (EAWA) to be folded into the stimulus bill.
But this would be discriminatory toward developing countries that do not have duty-free access, helping Pakistan at their expense.
But there are strong quantitative parallels as well.
Americans firmly told Japan that the only way to clean up its economy was to purge insolvent banks and regenerate the financial system through Schumpeterian “creative destruction.”
America should start to listen before it is too late.
Most important, the ACA is providing incentives for the creation of “affordable care organizations,” “bundled payment systems,” and other delivery innovations to encourage better coordination of care, especially for patients with numerous chronic conditions.
In a recent study, the CEA concluded that the ACA’s Medicare reforms account for a significant share of the slowdown.
The remarkable success in Camden has prompted the foundation to fund similar experiments in Boston, Cleveland, Cincinnati, western Michigan, and Humboldt County, California.
And health-care reform is just one example in which government can deliver what the public wants by setting goals, encouraging creativity, and providing the resources to scale up what works.
American citizens’ resistance to moderating energy consumption for the sake of the global environment is much more deeply embedded.
The change of position by the
One hopes that it changes course soon, before we all are forced to wear swimsuits to work.
So the countries that benefit from this largesse have a responsibility to speak up for the constituents who help keep their economies afloat.
Undocumented workers thus enter the cycle of those who live and drive with nearly throwaway cars that cost between $200 and $700.
Instead, Schwarzenegger, like other Americans, makes laws in the belief that nine million undocumented workers do not matter.
It is precisely the failure to apply these values in areas such as Palestine or Iraq that has made – and can still make – countless Arabs vehemently anti-American.
Pulling away from dictators without trying to take credit for or hijack the revolt was exactly what was required.
But what the Arab countries couldn’t do with military support, they were able to do by providing political cover for the military intervention led by the US, Britain, and France.
A New Low for China Bashing
Fixated on stability – a concept alien to US politicians and policymakers – the Chinese prefer, instead, to play a more active role in managing the adjustment of their currency.
While these trends benefit Chinese workers, they also support America and other countries by holding down inflation and making it possible for their companies to cope with tough competitive pressures.
They are all part of an enormous multilateral trade deficit that stems from America’s unprecedented shortfall of saving – a depreciation-adjusted “net national saving rate” (combining businesses, households, and the government sector) that has been negative since 2008.
Indeed, one could argue that it is the American public that is being manipulated by the erroneous charges leveled at China.
Or is it? Whatever it has been in the past, the US in the future will have to choose whether, and how much, it will be a social democracy.
It was during this era – roughly from 1948 to 1973 – that sociologists found that a majority of Americans had come to define themselves not as working class, but as middle class.
America was thus a special place.
Indeed, former Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Paul Volcker sees the US as so macroeconomically vulnerable as to be running a 75% chance of a full-fledged dollar crisis over the next several years.
To an even greater extent, however, the motivation that spurred the human-rights movement was revulsion worldwide, including in the US, against American aid to Pinochet’s forces, a policy directed by President Richard Nixon and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.
Maintaining the international prohibition on the use of chemical weapons is an urgent concern.
At the beginning of the campaign, many observers predicted that Iraq would be the major issue in 2008.
That effort appears to have backfired, because the Republicans that he leads initially balked at passing the legislation.
Thus, the two candidates’ campaigns are focusing heavily on a dozen or so states in which voters are closely divided and could sway the electoral college outcome. Each campaign is now desperately trying to gauge the impact of the financial crisis on these battleground states.
Some people worry that Obama might be good for American soft power, but not for its hard power.
It is no surprise that stock markets liked the results of the stress tests that US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner administered to America’s big banks, for the general outcome had been leaked weeks before.
They knew that if the true conditions at many big banks were publicly revealed, many would have been immediately declared bankrupt, necessitating government receivership to stop a tsunami of bank runs.
Markets had factored into share prices the belief that the US government would not allow any more banks to collapse.
Meanwhile, Wall Street chieftains and their boards of directors have nothing to fear from government.
It also sets a limit on how much debt the US Treasury is allowed to issue.
In the meantime, both sides risk disrupting transfer payments (including to the elderly) and the provision of public services, as well as eroding further America’s global credit standing.
This two-step process would be similar to what happened in 2008, when Congress was confronted with another cliffhanger: the Bush administration’s request for $700 billion to prevent a financial-market collapse and an economic depression.
The world economy is hard-wired to the assumption of a strong America, and Americans benefit from this.
Usually, low interest rates lead firms to borrow more to invest more, and greater indebtedness is matched by more productive assets.
And Alan Greenspan egged them to pile on the risk by encouraging these variable-rate mortgages.
Others found that as interest rates rose, they simply could not make their payments.
America’s Deepening Moral Crisis
A quotation by President John F. Kennedy states that high tax rates can strangle the economy, but Kennedy’s was speaking a half-century ago, when the top marginal tax rates were twice what they are today.
Americans seem to believe that they have a natural right to government services without paying taxes.
The big campaign contributors to both parties pay to ensure that their vested interests dominate political debates.
Swedes recently gave enough votes to a right-wing, anti-immigrant party to give it representation in parliament, reflecting a growing backlash against the rising number of immigrants in Swedish society.
The differences between the candidates are considerable, and highly consequential for American economic policy and the global economy, although enactment of their programs will depend on the makeup of Congress.
Taxes. Obama would raise the top marginal tax rates on wages, capital gains, dividends, interest, and estates, especially on higher-income individuals and small businesses.
The Obama campaign is pummeling Romney on Medicare, and the Romney campaign is hammering Obama for his refusal to negotiate or even propose a solution.
Other presidential appointees exert considerable influence on firms, industries, or the entire economy.
America’s Employment and Growth Challenges
Let’s be clear: elevated savings and reduced consumption relative to pre-crisis levels are likely to be permanent even after households reduce leverage and restore retirement savings – a process that in the US has removed roughly $1 trillion from the demand side of the economy.
But, given the US housing market’s fragility, raising interest rates could cause prices to plummet, sinking the economy again.  Despite their complaints, it is not clear that emerging economies would prefer another deep US downturn to the current flood of inbound capital that that they must manage.
But climbing out will be difficult and painful.
America’s Employment Dilemma
This is not to say that the Obama administration did not try to boost employment.
Moreover, the Fed became gun-shy and did not continue to increase its balance sheet beyond $2 trillion.
But will Congress act quickly? Given the depth of political polarization in the US, and thus the need for 60 of 100 votes in the Senate to end a Republican filibuster, there is no sign of it being able to do so.
It has not always been this way.
In fact, whenever the world looks unstable, investors want to hold more dollar assets – even when the US is the cause of the instability.
The calculation is that this will prove politically popular (probably true) while making it easier to implement spending cuts down the road (less obvious).
All of these problems can be solved only through long-term sustainable economic development.
Since 2001 the US has supported Pervez Musharraf in Pakistan with more than $10 billion in aid, and now faces an unstable regime that just barely survives.
The authors note that “the strategic direction for Pakistan was set early by a narrow circle at the top of the Bush administration and has been largely focused on the war effort rather than on Pakistan’s internal situation.”
A more peaceful world will be possible only when Americans and others begin to see things through the eyes of their supposed enemies, and realize that today’s conflicts, having resulted from desperation and despair, can be solved through economic development rather than war. We will have peace when we heed the words of President John F. Kennedy, who said, a few months before his death, “For, in the final analysis, our most basic common link is that we all inhabit this small planet.
Some were unable; others were unwilling.
Indebted farmers physically disabled the repayment machinery in many states, most famously in Shay’s Rebellion in Massachusetts.
Yet, it was no accident that two military men were key to making the US a “respectable nation” in financial terms.
They were expected to be adamant – an outcome that could well have brought about the young country’s demise.
Today’s trajectory is the reverse of that of the 1780’s and 1790’s.
Its proponents also understood that the war would not be limited to weapons, but would need to be a sustained effort, involving, as they put it, the “whole of government,” with civilian agencies marshaled behind military – or paramilitary – objectives.
America’s fiscal crisis is profound, and it is not just about numbers.
Can they, and other Americans who are losing vital services, really be expected to rise above it all and support funding to build new schools in Afghanistan?
In short, diplomacy – and US diplomacy, in particular – often involves money.
And, two weeks ago, the UN met again on the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs).
Again, Washington lobbyists have bought into the absurd claim of trade experts such as Fred Bergsten that the gain from Doha, as it stands now, is a paltry $7 billion or so annually.
What we need today is for the world’s leading statesmen to stop pussyfooting and to unite in nudging Obama towards a successful conclusion of the Doha Round.
As a result, many global challenges – climate change, trade, resource scarcity, international security, cyber-warfare, and nuclear proliferation, to name a few – are bound to loom larger.
So, as America curtails its global leadership, it will find itself in more demand.
Over the long term, however, US policymakers must make steady progress in restoring confidence in the nation’s fiscal health by cutting politically sacred programs like social security, Medicare, and defense.
Obama kept his promise to withdraw American forces from Iraq during his first term.
Notwithstanding Obama’s skillful response to the Arab Spring – the only strategic surprise that he has faced as president – his credibility in the Muslim world has steadily declined.
After the Vietnam War, Jimmy Carter hoped to make a break with established US policy.
And the US cannot reach an accord with Pakistan without India’s consent, which America would be unable to force, especially given that it relies on India to counterbalance China’s growing clout in Asia.
It didn’t matter what you could see with your own eyes.
The second application of Groucho’s question was that citizens of most Communist countries soon learned that the loss of freedom that they suffered was not compensated by greater prosperity or a higher quality of life. The more that Russians, Poles, Czechs, and others saw of the life-style in the Western democracies, the more they questioned their own system.
This is what appeared to happen in the last Indian election, and the election in the United States of President Barack Obama was also plainly a supremely rational moment.
Yet Obama’s attempts to reform health care have run into hysterical opposition.
To understand why, let’s start with the cyclical recovery.
That growth of the labor force will raise potential GDP by only about 0.5% per year.
The effect of a decline in the dollar over the coming decade could be equally important.
Easy access to guns in the US leads to horrific murder rates relative to other highly educated and wealthy societies.
Before the crackdown, there had been 13 such massacres in 18 years.
The slaves – and generations of their descendants – were routinely murdered.
Simply put, freedom in the twenty-first century does not depend on unregulated gun ownership.
The perpetrators are not hardened criminals; many have no previous criminal record.
For several years, I argued that America’s economy was being supported by a housing bubble that had replaced the stock market bubble of the 1990’s.
Booming home prices gave Americans the confidence, and the financial wherewithal, to spend more than their income.
Sometime in the future, payments would rise, but borrowers were told, again, not to worry: house prices would rise faster, making it easy to refinance with another negative amortization loan. The only way (in this view) not to win was to sit on the sidelines.
But lower short-term interest rates have led to higher medium-term interest rates, which are more relevant for the mortgage market, perhaps because of increasing worries about inflationary pressures.
It is the victims of predatory lenders who need government help.
But we are not seeing signs of anything like this.
From their perspective, today’s high demand for long-term dollar-denominated securities is easily explained: Asian central banks are buying in order to hold down their currencies, the US Treasury is borrowing short (and thus not issuing that many long-term securities), and US companies are not undertaking the kinds of investments that would lead them to issue many long-term bonds.
Only businesses that can borrow long-term now, lock in a low real interest rate, and invest in expanding their capacity can make the domestic bet that interest rates will rise.
As the intense US debate about President Barack Obama’s proposed use of military force highlights, the attack-Syria push is not about upholding America’s national interest.
Meanwhile, America’s support for the regimes in Yemen and Saudi Arabia has contributed to the rise of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
By supporting Islamist rulers, the US is contributing to a trend evident from the Maghreb to the badlands of Afghanistan and Pakistan – Muslims killing Muslims.
His sentiment seems more apt than ever nowadays, but not because humanity has turned pacifistic.
From a legal and human-rights point of view, the US drone program is even more alarming.
The killings must be proportionate, strategically necessary, and publicly justified.
And, unlike military personnel, CIA agents enjoy extensive immunity, undermining international legal standards.
Nobody knows whether the debt-ceiling tripwire will be evaded; if so, how; or what will happen if it is not.
Another six months should not be lost.
Solving any of these three problems would go a long way toward resolving the long-run financing imbalance between current tax rates and America’s long-run social-insurance promises that the debt-ceiling debate’s instigators supposedly want to address.
If it is, the world needs to develop other institutions for global management – and quickly.
What’s missing in the debate is the Latin American context.
Five years ago, Mexico’s President Vicente Fox tried to convince Bush that something had to be done before a nativist backlash in the US complicated its relations with Latin America and made goals such as a Free Trade Agreement of the Americas (FTAA) impossible.
That is unfortunate, because Fox will not be around forever.
To be sure, Iran’s alliances are vulnerable to erosion and, in the case of two staunch allies, Syria and Venezuela, to outright collapse.
Moreover, America has refused to pay the Kremlin’s high price – curtailment of congressional human-rights legislation, repeal of Cold-War-era restrictions on Russian-US trade, and abandonment of plans for ballistic missile defense in Europe – for Russian support on Iran (or, for that matter, on any other trouble spot, such as Syria).
By contrast, North Korea shows that defiance, rather than accommodation, is a strategy that works.
This reduction reflects the cuts in government spending on defense and non-defense programs mandated by the budget “sequester” that took effect in March, as well as the rise in revenue caused by higher rates for income and payroll taxes since the end of 2012.
Officials and others who favor stimulating growth through increased government spending ignore the CBO’s more realistic alternative scenario.
The weaker dollar reduces the US standard of living.
America’s New Trade Hypocrisy
The developing countries were disappointed with the results of Europe’s EBA initiative, and Europe has responded by committing itself to dealing with at least part of the problem that arises from the rules of origin tests.
For Bangladesh, this implies that 75% of the tariff lines, accounting for more than 90% of the value of its exports to the US, could be excluded from duty-free treatment.
The US has already had some success in pitting the poor against each other.
The oil company BP is discovering that right now.
Nor would I seek to downplay the full horror of what has happened.
The EU is the largest trading block in the world, and it has coped with the rise of China in the global marketplace far better than America or Japan has.
The introduction of the euro was supposed to spur the less dynamic and competitive European economies, mostly in the south of the continent, to drive down their costs and increase their competitiveness. Then they could converge with the more efficient and prudently managed economies, like Germany.
We can’t live forever in the past, magnificent as its relics may be.
To be sure, international finance economists also see US exports benefiting as the value of the dollar declines, but the lags in demand are such that the export boost will come a year or two after the decline in consumption and investment spending.
I’m not wise enough to say which side is right, but I certainly know which side I hope is wrong.
Both bubbles have long since burst, and US households are now dealing with post-bubble financial devastation – namely, underwater assets, record-high debt, and profound shortages of savings.
The 30% mainly consists of four components – capital spending by firms, net exports (exports less imports), residential construction, and government purchases.
Capital spending and exports, which together account for about 24% of GDP, hold the key to this shift. At just over 10% of GDP, the share of capital spending is well below the peak of nearly 13% in 2000.
Improvement on all counts is vital for America’s competitive revival.
Don’t believe it.
In recent speeches and discussions with current and former central bankers, I have been criticized for focusing too much on the 0.9% trend of the past 21 quarters and paying too little attention to the 2% recovery phase of the post-crisis period.
The worst consumer recession in modern history, featuring a record collapse in durable-goods expenditures in 2008-2009, should have triggered an outsize surge of pent-up demand.
But are these newfound wealth effects really all that they are made out to be?
BERKELEY – The odds are now about 36% that the United States will be in a recession next year.
And we have seen Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach explore the possibility of removing President Barack Obama from the ballot in Kansas, because, Kobach suggested, Obama is “not a natural-born citizen.”
This view clearly influences Republican office-holders, who fear the partisan beast that mans their campaigns’ phone banks and holds the purse strings.
It seems to me that the odds are around 60% that real negotiation will not begin until tax rates go up on January 1.
This scenario would grant the US three enormous advantages.
Could the US ignore a country that in roughly ten years will become the world’s second-largest oil exporter, generating more than $200 billion annually in revenue, while increasingly being dominated by an authoritarian Shia regime that is close to Iran? Would it withdraw in the face of the consequent strategic threat to its three allies – Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Israel – in the region?
Its involvement in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict will likely be limited to maintaining the status quo rather than seeking a comprehensive settlement.
Nor are there any signs of America’s economic hegemony starting to fold under the weight of maintaining its unilateral military dominance.
They point to worsening income inequality, as images beamed worldwide from post-hurricane New Orleans illustrated all too clearly.
Nevertheless, I suspect that the age of American exceptionalism is near an end, and soon per capita income in Europe and Japan will approach that of the US, rather than falling farther behind.
The unwinding of the US economy might even begin in 2006, particularly if Japan continues to grow out of its doldrums, the US housing market softens dramatically, and Europe’s economic recovery accelerates.
Blindsided by the crisis of 2007-2008, the Fed has compounded its original misdiagnosis of the problem by repeatedly doubling down on tactical responses, with two rounds of QE preceding the current, open-ended iteration.
Gains in inflation-adjusted personal-consumption expenditure have averaged a mere 0.8% over the past five years – the most severe and protracted slowdown in consumer demand growth in the post-World War II era.
But converting underwater “non-recourse” mortgage loans, where only the house is at risk, into so-called “recourse liabilities,” for which nonpayment would have consequences for all of a borrower’s assets, could address this concern, while simultaneously tempering America’s culture of leverage with a much greater sense of responsibility.
His focus was on corporate decision-making and misaligned incentives leading to a worrisome dichotomy between the short-term tactics of “operational effectiveness” (cost cutting, outsourcing, and reengineering) and the long-term visionary bets that frame successful strategies.
As in many countries, conflicts over public morality and national strategy come down to questions of money.
The poor are squeezed by cuts in social programs and a weak job market.
It makes sense to tax them more.
Yet when the actual budget proposals are made, there will be a growing backlash.
The problem for the rich is that, other than military spending, there is no place to cut the budget other than in areas of core support for the poor and working class. Is America really going to cut health benefits and retirement income?  Will it really balance the budget by slashing education spending at a time when US students already are being out-performed by their Asian counterparts?
Yet the time for change will come.
If a homeowner defaults, creditors can take the house, but they cannot take other property or income to make up any unpaid balance.
Until house prices stabilize, these securities cannot be valued with any confidence.
The low interest rate helped by making the dollar more competitive, but otherwise monetary policy appears to have lost traction because of the condition of the housing sector and the dysfunctional state of the credit markets.
A year ago, the two countries did not even have ambassadors in each other’s capitals.
In 1990, when the NLD won 81% of the seats in Parliament, the junta promptly voided the results and arrested Suu Kyi.
This has not always been the case.
NEW YORK – For seven years, the United States has allowed its fixation on the renminbi’s exchange rate to deflect attention from far more important issues in its economic relationship with China.
Obama’s presumptive Republican challenger, Mitt Romney, has promised to declare China guilty of currency manipulation the day he takes office.
The International Monetary Fund estimates that China’s current-account surplus will narrow to just 2.3% of GDP in 2012, after peaking at 10.1% in 2007.
With households focused on repairing severely damaged balance sheets, inflation-adjusted private consumption has expanded at an anemic 0.5% average annual rate over the past four years.
At just 43% of GDP, China’s services sector is relatively tiny.
The United States' planned withdrawal of troops from Asia, which President George W. Bush announced on August 16, need not harm peace and stability in the region and particularly in Korea.
The US Defense Department justifies this change as part of the so-called "Global Posture Review" that it has been carrying out to provide more flexibility and mobility in deploying troops to more urgently needed places around the world.
Yet the Bush administration insists: "The US views South Korea as a strong and steadfast ally. We are committed to South Korea's security and to our alliance and partnership with Seoul."
America’s Saving Rate and the Dollar’s Future
Individuals now have to save more to prepare for retirement, and retirees have less wealth to spend.
But this direct link between higher household saving and a lower dollar will only be forged if higher household saving is not outweighed by a rise in government dis-saving, i.e., by a larger government deficit.
The higher interest rate will reduce the level of business investment and residential construction until they can be financed with the smaller volume of national saving plus the reduced capital inflows.
Saving may also take the form of individual contributions to retirement accounts or employer contributions to corporate saving plans.
Moreover, the increased availability of credit cards gave Americans a greater ability to dissave, buying goods and services now and paying for them later.
There is no way to predict what the saving rate will do next.
That would leave a net national saving rate of just 2.5% of GDP.
So a company that fires all its workers and then ships from stock can look very productive – until it runs outs of stock.
This deficit reflects an underlying research deficit.
Indeed, in many cases, the CEO – frequently a Wall Street-endorsed “superstar” parachuted in to “shake things up” – now
While American economists, politicians, and business leaders have for years sought to sell their model of management abroad, many companies elsewhere have not been buying it.
This is why the Bush administration has shied away from military confrontations with North Korea and Iran, despite its veneration of Israel’s air strike on Iraq’s Osirak reactor in 1981, which set back Saddam Hussein’s nuclear program by several years.
At least part of the problem is that it is dealing with complex social forces that are not organized into centralized hierarchies that can enforce rules, and thus be deterred, coerced, or otherwise manipulated through conventional power.
But the fundamental problem remains the lopsided distribution of power in the international system.
President Barack Obama’s instincts may be an exception here, but he is fighting powerful hidebound forces in the United States, as well as a demagogic populism, in the form of the Tea Party, that is far worse – and that might defeat him in 2012, seriously damaging America in the process.
The expenditure cuts mandated by the outcome of the debt-ceiling debate will reduce economic activity, thereby undermining growth and making debt reduction even more difficult.
If this forces America back towards what the international-relations scholar Joseph Nye calls “soft power and multilateral diplomacy,” it may well be a good thing.
America’s Sleeping Watch Dog
It was the summer of 2000 when I began asking Republicans I know – generally people who might be natural candidates for various sub-cabinet policy positions in a Republican administration – how worried they were that the Republican presidential candidate, George W. Bush, was clearly not up to the job.
He was not just incurious, but also arrogant: he insisted on making uninformed decisions, and hence made decisions that were essentially random.
Or it could be remembered as another “Sputnik moment,” when, as with the Soviet foray into outer space in 1957, the American people realized that the country had lost its footing and decided it was time for the United States to get its act together.
Today, from Iran to Darfur to Zimbabwe to Georgia, the world is witnessing the effects of a budding post-American world, and the picture does not look pretty.
The world community is not there yet, and until it is, the world needs a new kind of American leader – a leader able to inspire Americans to fix their problems at home and work with partners across the globe in promoting a common agenda as bold and progressive as the order built from the ashes of World War II 60 years ago.
Indeed, the revolution in non-conventional hydrocarbons, particularly shale gas and oil, which the International Energy Agency recently predicted would make the US the world’s largest oil producer by 2020, and the top energy producer overall by 2030, will have enormous global repercussions.
The latest eruption of violent conflict between Hamas and Israel underscores the importance of reviving the peace process.
Since its victory in the Cold War, America’s global hegemony has rested on three pillars: economic power, military might, and a vast capacity to export its popular culture.
Indeed, what will now shape the future of the region is not democracy, but the violent divide between Shiites and Sunnis that the Iraq war precipitated.
The calamitous US military experience in Iraq has left it strategically diminished.
Politicians can make endless promises, but if the budget doesn’t add up, politics is little more than mere words.
He spelled out a vision of future growth in which public and private investment would be complementary, mutually supportive pillars.
That contradiction highlights the sad and self-defeating nature of US budget policies over the past 25 years, and most likely in the years to come.
Both political parties, and the White House, would rather cut taxes than spend more on education, science and technology, and infrastructure.
America’s Unhinged “Pivot”
In fact, after raising Asians’ expectations of a more robust US response to China’s growing assertiveness, the Obama administration has started to tamp down the military aspects of its “pivot,” emphasizing instead greater US economic engagement.
Concern for its own national interest explains why America has charted a course of tacit neutrality regarding the revival of Sino-Indian territorial disputes, including China’s sudden resurrection of a claim to the large Himalayan Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh.
The Asia-Pacific region will loom larger in Obama’s second-term agenda, especially as the ongoing US troop withdrawal ends the Afghanistan war by 2014.
But, at least since Keynes, we know how to stimulate the economy more effectively, and in ways that increase long-term productivity and enhance living standards.
But, much as the Bush administration tried to hide the true costs of the war by incomplete and misleading accounting, the economy’s flaws were covered up by a flood of liquidity from the Federal Reserve and by lax financial regulation.
China, for example, is worried that the Fed’s stimulus will increase its domestic inflation. 
The numbers are hard to believe.
But that view fails to comprehend that a weakened, corrupt, and abusive Central Asia is not in America’s interest, or in Afghanistan’s for that matter.
Though fragile and violent, Kyrgyzstan is the most democratic state in the region, and it could be America’s natural ally.
The aide then withered under the (Chinese) ambassador’s horrified stare.”
Though some hawks called for only muted criticism of the regime, the US had no choice but to condemn the massacre and be expelled.
As the American scholar and activist Hussein Ibish recently argued, Obama has appointed a cabinet designed to give him maximum room to negotiate a deal with Iran.
The US has thus painted itself into a corner.
Thus, the stakes for both the US and Iran are very high.
But, at the same time, his administration was holding approximately 400 prisoners at the US Naval Base at Guantánamo Bay in Cuba.
He was then taken to an interrogation room where he saw a longhaired man with a full beard who was gagged with duct tape that “covered much of his head.”
If there are any human rights at all, the right not to be locked up indefinitely without trial is surely one of them.
Leaders of major US companies have decided that global man-made climate change is real, must be controlled, and that business must play a constructive part in the process.
Society will have to pay a price for these investments in new energy technologies, but the benefits will be vastly greater than the price.
So investors are telling companies to report their carbon emissions today in order to assess future liabilities.
The solutions will not be easy, and the effort must last over many decades in all parts of the world.
Old enemies became new allies, and together pioneered a new global economic system that made the world more prosperous.
Statecraft has yet to adapt.
So, too, in Asia, where President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping just announced ambitious commitments to tackle climate change, we are reminded of what countries can accomplish together with real leadership – and of how much additional leadership is required to conclude a successful climate agreement in Paris next year.
A good example is the international effort to confront the Islamic State’s malign brutality in Iraq and Syria.
For example, the negotiations on the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) reflect President Obama’s determination to strike an accord with countries that represent one-third of global trade and 40% of global GDP.
They do not have the same abilities as adults to protect or care for themselves.
None of this is because Americans do not care about their children.
Inevitably, in countries where children have inadequate nutrition, insufficient access to health care and education, and higher exposure to environmental hazards, the children of the poor will have far different life prospects from those of the rich.
Indeed, while inequality’s harmful effects are wide-reaching, and impose huge costs on our economies and societies, they are largely avoidable.
BERKELEY – On the back left corner of my desk right now are three recent books: Arthur Brooks’ The Battle, Charles Murray’s Coming Apart, and Nicholas Eberstadt’s A Nation of Takers.
Fast-forward 150 years to post-World War II America, and to the original Chicago School critique of the New Deal version of social insurance – that it created “notches” that perverted economic incentives.
The crucial point is that America’s conservative elites believe Brooks, Eberstadt, and Murray.
As for the Democrats, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's likely nomination (despite recent revelations that she used her personal email account to conduct government business) reinforces foreign policy's centrality to the election.
But, ironically, the notion of American exceptionalism often has led the US to undermine the international system that it nurtured.
US President Barack Obama's administration has tried to create the illusion of a change of course in this regard, pushing “soft" deals that allow the US to participate without submitting to binding rules.
American Foreign Policy after Iraq
But the new unilateralism was based on a profound misunderstanding of the nature of power in world politics.
There is no simple military solution that will produce the outcomes we want.
Similarly, the threat of pandemics means that Americans may come to recognize the importance of a stronger World Health Organization, just as the problem of nuclear proliferation is increasing awareness of the importance of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
It must be rooted in the indigenous society and bear its characteristics, not be imposed from abroad.
But the fact that foreign policy did not materially affect the November elections does not mean that the results will not affect US foreign policy.
There will be other consequences stemming from the election.
Questions abound when it comes to foreign economic policy, however.
America’s Global Balancing Act
The more serious problem with the “pivot to Asia” was its actual wording, which implied a military posture designed to “contain” or “isolate” China.
The Party elite, quite understandably, does not find this reassuring.
The fact of the matter is that the redistribution of global power has produced a situation in which the US is no longer the sole hegemon.
The Russian middle class, quite naturally, wishes to live in a society like that of Western Europe.
Like Samson in the temple of Gaza, he wishes to destroy himself in a public act of violence, taking as many people as possible with him.
The authorities’ overblown reaction – and that of much of the press – was all the odder for having occurred just as the US Senate was voting down a bill that would have made it harder for known killers and mentally disturbed people to buy guns, or for private individuals to acquire weapons normally used only in warfare.
The evil outside world should not be able to touch the Land of the Free.
Former President George W. Bush once explained terrorism as the expression of hatred for American freedom.
The British Empire was ruled in large part through reliance on local troops.
Still others consider hegemony to be synonymous with control of the most power resources.
Given this, the US position in the world could more accurately be called a “half-hegemony.”
In short, while the era of US primacy is not over, it is set to change in important ways.
It may well be true that Obama would rather exercise caution – even when bold action is called for – than act impulsively and potentially cause more damage.
Immediately after World War II, the memory of war, together with the enduring threat posed by the Soviet Union, made plain the importance of building and maintaining a liberal world order. Today, though the need for such an order is just as great, the argument is not nearly as comprehensible or emotionally powerful.
For the last three years, the consensus has been that the US economy was on the verge of a robust and self-sustaining recovery that would restore above-potential growth.
Of course, the drag will be much smaller, as tax increases and spending cuts will be much milder.
Indeed, the credit channel is frozen and velocity has collapsed, with banks hoarding increases in base money in the form of excess reserves.
America’s former adversaries either became preoccupied with consolidating or sharing power, suffered domestic defeat, or confronted neighboring states.
In February 1984, facing a quagmire, Reagan acceded to Vice President George H.W. Bush’s recommendation to get out of Lebanon.
Following Ethiopia’s intervention, the Islamists found themselves out of power.
This in turn stimulated China’s unsuccessful intervention in North Vietnam.
Perhaps most remarkable was the absence of reflexive Islamophobia and of the willingness to fight any war – even the wrong war in the wrong country for the wrong reasons – against the supposedly culpable “other.”
Immediately, the bombings began to be cited by some leaders as a call to limit constitutional rights.
Of course, reliance on fear and misdirection may still be part of official strategy.
Fortunately, most Americans have learned from the past, and this was reflected in the public response this time around – sadness, yes, but also some wisdom.
No number reveals the true catastrophe of the American financial system more than this one.
Underutilization of capacity, however, remains huge.
The US is considering the possibility of imposing a bequest tax on foreign holdings of US securities, and many people believe that it will try to play “the Italian card”: inflating away its public debt and devaluing the currency in order to maintain international competitiveness.
After its banking crisis of 1987-1989, Japan experienced two decades of stagnation and deflation with skyrocketing government debt.
A real-estate price crash has also been a key cause of emerging-market crises, such as the 1997-98 Asian collapse.
But banks can use internal mathematical models to calculate their own risk weights.
In 2012, the UK authorities asked banks to apply a temporary minimum 15% risk weight to their mortgage portfolios, though that guidance expired in July.
The views expressed in this column are the author’s own, and do not represent those of the National Bank of Abu Dhabi.
Given the fragile grip that these leaders have over their societies, America’s warnings have been taken to heart.
Bush still refuses to talk to either of them, and has lately been having US troops arrest Iranian agents in Iraq.
But Iran has resources that Cambodia and Laos could never muster; indeed, its ability to retaliate could set the entire region ablaze.
Pakistan is home to most remaining Afghan refugees, perhaps as many as 1.9 million.
Here one finds Tora Bora, the last known home address of Osama bin Laden.
Unfortunately, far too much discussion has centered on what governments can do to stimulate demand through budget deficits and monetary policy.
Moreover, even if it never had a financial crisis, Japan would have been plagued by adverse demographics, as its population is both aging and shrinking.
Supporters of the US administration might fairly argue that it is undertaking long-deferred maintenance on issues such as income inequality.
For better or for worse, productivity trends are very difficult to extrapolate, depending as they do on hugely complex interactions of social, economic, and political forces.
Throughout last autumn, they agonized over the rise of Spanish and Italian bond rates, until finally the European Central Bank decided to administer pain relief in the form of large-scale liquidity provision to banks.
One summit will not result in decisions that take months to prepare.
To use the partner countries’ taxpayers’ money to rescue Spanish banks is neither economically justified nor politically acceptable.
Europe’s leaders cannot decide anything at this stage, but they should task a group of “wise men” (and women) to evaluate and report on options by summer’s end.
France wants financial solidarity without closer political integration.
Yet, despite this good news, the continent’s politics have turned upside down, calling into question whether economic success can be sustained.
The current crop of left-wing political leaders is different from the populist “
The vast majority of Latin America countries do not fulfill any of these requirements.
Co-sponsored by Spain and Turkey, the Alliance of Civilizations initiative is not devoid of political calculation.
To claim that Islam is incompatible with human rights is to consider it a civilization too hidebound to change.
Of course, the Alliance of Civilizations should not attempt to bridge differences by defending moral relativism.
PARIS – During NATO’s recent 60th anniversary ceremony in Strasbourg, the Alliance welcomed two new members, Albania and Croatia, bringing its total membership to 28.
At the time, no one ever doubted that American power – already endowed with nuclear weapons – was the only counterpart.
This inability to discuss, clearly and forthrightly, this strategic doctrine continues to hamper the Alliance.
On the contrary, the Allies chose to maintain the pact and to extend it to numerous Russian neighbors.
CAMBRIDGE – The United States may be headed for a recession in 2013.
He could have said the same thing about the fiscal drag that would be created by Obama’s budget proposal.
Over a decade, that implies nearly $2 trillion in additional revenue without any increase in tax rates from today’s levels.
SINGAPORE – When accidents happen, there is always enough blame to go around, and with the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, no one has been spared – with the exception of one of the main culprits, the American public.
For example, while Americans could have supported more aggressive fuel-economy standards or increased federal taxes on energy, they didn’t.
In terms of total lifecycle costs, these vehicles are three to six times more energy-efficient than their petroleum counterparts.
These seemingly mutually exclusive alternatives have one thing in common: neither of them has been thought through to the end.
Economically, it mainly relies on energy and commodity exports, and in its modernization efforts, it is largely dependent on the West, particularly Europe.
But this applies similarly, if in reverse, to the West: on the one hand, the principles of a new Europe as defined by the OSCE after 1989/1990 don’t allow decisions about alliances to be subject to the veto of a large neighbor.
If the West approaches these discussions with Russia without illusions, with a clear understanding of its own strategic interests, and with new ideas for partnership and cooperation, the worst to be feared is failure.
But the best analogy for Tunisia today is Spain in the years preceding and following the death of Francisco Franco.
They, too, thirst for freedom.
Turkey is demonstrating that Islam and modernity are compatible.
But this would lead to an even greater tragedy.
The more Iranians visit China and India, the more likely that Iran will change.
We have great differences today.
Iranian students should be encouraged to visit and study in Asian universities, where they would discover how confident young Chinese and Indian students are about the future − which might well cause them to reflect on why young Iranians do not share that optimism.
No one can predict the direction in which Egypt’s Sunni Islamist president and parliamentary majority will lead the country.
Would such intervention revive Lebanon’s own long civil war of the 1970’s and 1980’s?
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Ehud Barak cannot accept a nuclear-armed Iran.
A war in the Persian Gulf – still the world’s gas station – would affect oil exports for some time, and energy prices would skyrocket, dealing a severe blow to a global economy that is teetering on the brink of recession.
Has the quake given birth to some new, positive political force that will accelerate reform?
After all, they don’t want someone controlling them who is both able and serious.
Bureaucrats must not be allowed to spend the huge donations collected and state relief funds allotted in an arbitrary manner.
A more open and transparent public environment will help awaken their sense of political mission.
In the four years since the global financial crisis struck, the growth rate fell to -1.2%, compared to the eurozone average of -0.2%, and it is expected to remain negative this year.
Likewise, labor-market reform, improved education, and enhanced human capital could contribute an additional 4% to GDP growth in the next decade.
Furthermore, attracting more direct investment is crucial, given that capital inflows, while recovering, remain 30% below their pre-crisis level; with outflows exceeding inflows, Italy has become a net capital exporter.
And the tax burden, which has exceeded 40% of GDP since 1990, now stands at almost 43% of GDP.
Now, because of a war it wanted no part of, Europe finds its security undermined.
Europeans might be forgiven for thinking that the Americans, who pumped up oil prices in the first place with their military misadventure in Iraq, should be the ones who “pump it down” with an energy tax.
Critics who worry about the cost of the energy tax have not thought about tax substitutions.
Solemn promises made over the years would have to be broken (people would not get the social services that they paid for with a lifetime of high taxes), lives would be shortened (less money for hospitals and nursing homes), and overall hardship increased.
CAMBRIDGE – What a difference the crisis has made for the International Monetary Fund.
It ardently championed global fiscal stimulus on the order of 2% of world GNP – a position that is all the more remarkable in view of its traditional conservatism on all fiscal matters.
That is what happened in the second half of the 1990’s, as the IMF began to preach capital-account liberalization, applied over-stringent fiscal remedies during the Asian financial crisis, and single-handedly tried to reshape Asian economies.
One option would be to increase substantially the number of mid-career recruits with actual practical experience in developing countries.
NEW YORK – Afghanistan’s security and political situation remains plagued by uncertainty, stemming from the withdrawal of United States and NATO combat troops, the upcoming presidential election, and the stalled peace negotiations with the Taliban.
Moreover, in the effort to develop two of the world’s largest mines, investors’ greed prevailed over their security and business-climate concerns.
Indeed, a drastic shift in policy is essential to avoid economic collapse.
An Inconvenient Peace Prize
Gore also frets about the future of polar bears.
Climate change is not the only problem facing the globe.
While we worry about the far-off effects of climate change, we do nothing to deal with issues facing the planet today.
However, the contrast between this year’s Nobel winners could not be sharper. The IPCC engages in meticulous research where facts rule over everything else.
Musharraf did head that way a few months later, when he forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005.
He and Singh also found time during the game to talk about bilateral relations, and agreed to launch what came to be called the “composite dialogue,” covering eight contentious issues that had soured ties for so long.
Gilani expressed the same sentiment: “We need to focus on dealing with our common enemies – inflation, poverty, hunger, disease, and unemployment – for the prosperity of the two countries.”
It is clear that for Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu’s right-wing government, the start of indirect talks without freezing settlement activities in the West Bank and Jerusalem is a sort of victory.
Jerusalem will be much more difficult to demarcate. Palestinians and Israelis have publicly said that they do not want a wall separating West and East Jerusalem.
For many Palestinians and Israelis, as well as for the international community, the shape and details of what would be a settlement acceptable to majorities on both sides is well known.
Over the two last decades, masses of Indians and Chinese have closed the gap (in relative terms) with the rich world.
Thus, even if the absolute income gap between an average American and an average African increases, why worry? After all, such people argue, the average African would be a bit less poor.
This is why international action to address both global poverty and global inequality is needed.
But they cannot fail to notice that the processes they support undercut their own position by rendering the wealth gap more obvious and the fairness of the actual global distribution more questionable.
Indeed, except for deflation-ridden Japan, central bankers could meet just about anywhere and see high and rising inflation.
America’s inflation would be contained but for the fact that so many countries, from the Middle East to Asia, effectively tie their currencies to the dollar.
But inflation pressures will be even worse if the US recession remains mild and global growth remains solid.
Many arrests and disruptions of terrorist operations in Europe result from cooperation between EU members' intelligence services.
I see another role for intelligence: to inform political action. Intelligence services can educate the public, explaining the origins of the alienation that underpins terrorism, how radicalization and recruitment occur, and highlight terrorists' goals, methods, and targeting strategies.
We are better targeting our external assistance and capacity building programs, and we are ready to use our trade and economic muscle, when necessary, by demanding counter-terrorism clauses in bilateral treaties.
As requested by the European Council, I am developing, in cooperation with the European Commission, a strategy to shut down terrorist financing.
There is entirely too much fuel for terrorist propaganda.
Not only could it happen here, Indians say, it already has.
The current Congress Party-led government of Manmohan Singh comprises 20 parties; it succeeded a 23-party coalition headed by the Bharatiya Janata Party’s Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
The daughter of a government clerk, Mayawati studied law and worked as a teacher before being spotted by the BSP’s founder, the late Kanshi Ram, and groomed for political leadership. Her ascent has been marked by a heavy emphasis on symbolism – her rule in Uttar Pradesh has featured the construction of numerous statues of Dalit leaders, notably herself – and a taste for lavish celebrations.
Experts would remind us that Kazakhstan had never been a country, and that Ukrainian claims to independence are historically dubious.
This is not a novel phenomenon.
Indeed, though the UNPO, to which both belong – alongside Assyria and the Buffalo River Dene Nation – has a vaguely Marx Brothers’ air to it (one expects Freedonia, the mythical country of which Groucho Marx was prime minister, to be on the roster), six member states already have left it to join the UN, and Kosovo, now independent if lacking UN recognition, will eventually follow.
I believe that the chances for a political breakthrough in our region have never been better.
Direct talks should concentrate on two parallel tracks.
I truly wish you success in your responsibilities as acting Prime Minister and acting head of Kadima.
In recent months, Obama has stepped up his own involvement and that of senior figures in his administration in support of a peace strategy for Sudan.
The current moment requires robust diplomacy – the kind that can leave a bad taste in your mouth, but that gets the job done.
The US role as the invisible third party to the agreement involves a series of incentives offered to the regime in Khartoum to ensure agreement and implementation of a peace deal.
Keep the pressure on them. Support the peace process.
Yet the euphoric reaction seen in some quarters is misplaced.
According to the International Atomic Energy Agency, the Arak plant still lacks several major reactor components, such as control-room equipment and cooling pumps.
This view of nuclear weapons as a shorthand for national greatness is reinforced by the architecture of the non-proliferation regime, which firmly divides states into two camps: nuclear haves and have-nots.
Insecure Europe
The ESS’s emphasis on soft power is also in urgent need of reassessment.
MADRID – The recriminations over US spying activities, triggered by the revelations of the former American intelligence contractor Edward J. Snowden, have now reached fever pitch.
What followed was a decade of scattershot foreign policy marked by notable cases of inaction, together with individual initiatives taken largely without reference to a broader doctrine.
It cannot solve problems that directly affect it by acting on its own, though its leadership remains indispensable.
What is really needed is a change in vision and mentality – a shift from viewing multilateralism as a tactic to embracing it as a strategic imperative.
One such trend is Europeans’ growing skepticism toward integration, exemplified in May’s European Parliament election.
Though complaints about the “bloated” acquis communitaire (the body of EU law) are often unfounded, the EU legislative process is not without its shortcomings, as recent attempts at harmonization clearly demonstrate.
The lack of progress on this front during the last two Commissions was rooted mainly in Germany’s Russian modernization project, which has shaped its approach to energy security.
MADRID – Among this summer’s grave global worries, the spread of the Ebola virus has monopolized the discussion of Sub-Saharan Africa and reinvigorated hoary notions of disorder and despair – at a time when a new image of a dynamic Africa was emerging.
Meanwhile, the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency, the Bank’s provider of political risk insurance covering investments in developing countries, has moved to expand its activities, both by broadening the types of projects that it supports and widening existing definitions to allow greater coverage.
Finally, the high profile of the US-Africa Leaders Summit, with more than 40 heads of state in attendance, as well as President Barack Obama’s direct involvement, generated buzz about Africa.
In recent years, Africa, once a land of pity, has emerged as a land of opportunity.
The key to success is the background against which the process plays out.
Furthermore, Iran’s negotiating style, like its capital city, can be both fatiguing and confusing.
For Iran, a staunch supporter of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s regime, a weaker US-Saudi relationship is key to shifting the regional balance of power – especially if it is accompanied by the easing of Western economic sanctions.
Today, Europe will be critical to driving progress, particularly in the event that the US Congress torpedoes a sensible agreement.
In both cases, he was met with skepticism and apathy.
But a year ago, the figures were already dire: 60,000 dead, 700,000 international refugees, and two million internally displaced. If there were a threshold of misery that would cause the world to say, “Enough is enough,” it surely would have been crossed by now.
Consider Obama’s call, backed by no action, for Assad to “step aside,” and his repeated promises, dating to early 2012, to provide non-lethal aid to the Syrian opposition – promises that were finally fulfilled late last year, and then only temporarily.
But, like their leaders, publics everywhere have been reticent to act.
Though not one to deny the existence of such base motives, I would insist that the crisis has its roots in key policy decisions stretching back over decades. 
It is important to note that these were unintended consequences of basically sensible policy decisions.
As a stand-alone entity, it was then vulnerable to market swings.
It also created a more buoyant market for the securities of Freddie and Fannie, feeding the originate-and-distribute machine.
US households will have to start saving again.
Unintended consequences cannot always be prevented.
Moreover, commercial real estate is beginning to follow the downward trend in residential real estate.
During a typical recession, the default rate among corporations may rise to 10-15%, threatening massive losses for those holding risky corporate bonds.
The ensuing losses will aggravate the financial turmoil and economic contraction.
The percentage of those who “strongly agree” that democracy is the best form of government increased from 20% to 31%.
The presidency of Mohammad Khatami, an avowed reformer, who served eight years, beginning in 1997, convinced the Supreme Leader that his authority would be assured only if the presidency was held by a subservient fundamentalist such as the current president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
These concerns were reflected in the fact that the Society of Combatant Clergy, a conservative body, was unable to endorse Ahmadinejad’s candidacy.
For now, what will happen depends on Mousavi’s perseverance.
In that two year period, Chavez stepped on the gas for his social reforms – education, health care, etc. – and also in regard to breaking down the country’s excessive concentrations of wealth.
Moreover, growth under Chavez seems to reflect an increase in domestic consumption resulting from the flow of petrodollars and nothing more fundamental, as oil remains the economy’s only real engine.
But history never truly repeats itself.
It is held culpable for the near financial meltdown.
Nevertheless, by the 1970’s the pre-Thatcher political economy was in crisis.
What about inflation targeting? Here, too, the record since 1980 has been patchy, despite the huge deflationary pressure exerted by low-wage competition from Asia.
Thatcherism’s second success was to weaken trade unions.
NEW DELHI – For 18 days, during the ebb and flow of protest, it did not seem possible that the end of the Egyptian Revolution would come so suddenly, in a terse announcement that lasted no more than a half-minute: “President Hosni Mubarak has relinquished office….”
Decades-old, apparently immovable autocracies are finding their hold on power unhinged; change is invading their static environs.
They – and we – are very far from the world that Mubarak, or the great Gamal Abdel Nasser, knew and understood.
But it is not only the fate of Israel that has now shocked US policy, in particular, to its core.
WASHINGTON – The European Union’s most important decision this fall will be whether to sign an Association Agreement with Ukraine at the EU summit in Vilnius on November 28-29.
Membership would require Ukraine to double import tariffs on EU goods, at an annual cost equivalent to 4% of GDP; and it would not even guarantee free trade among its members (Russia already applies trade sanctions against Belarus and Kazakhstan).
Many are fed up with the arbitrary imposition of trade barriers – affecting goods ranging from chocolate to steel pipes – in their former Soviet markets.
Tymoshenko has accepted the deal; Yanukovych has not.
The European Council of Ministers will make its final decision on November 18.
The fallout from nuclear waste is one; humans’ contribution to global warming through greenhouse-gas emissions from burning fossil fuels, and its impact on rising sea levels, is another.
This risk is no longer merely theoretical.
That means deciding – sooner rather than later – which path to follow.
Today, it is a matter of common sense.
More sophisticated examples can involve systems for health and safety inspection, product-quality certification, or intellectual-property protection.
Consider the tourism industry, which has great potential in the beautiful Patagonia region of southern Argentina and Chile.
To be sure, those problems had to be corrected.
Latin America will need a great deal of fresh thinking and many policy innovations if it is to keep growing in a post-commodity-boom era.
No more.
In Bolivia, President Evo Morales has resorted to legal and constitutional shenanigans to guarantee himself yet another term in office. After two terms, Morales would in theory be prohibited from running again.
Political complications linked to a possible meeting with the Venezuelan opposition, which Bachelet had chosen not to attend (preferring to send her foreign minister), likely also played a part.
Leaders from Sweden and New Zealand argued that you could make the state both leaner and more effective.
Manuel Valls, France’s Socialist prime minister, is staking his political capital on an ambitious program of tax and spending cuts that does not enjoy the backing of his party’s traditionalist wing.
The other reason for giving Third Way ideas a second hearing is that they work.
But it is remarkable in the case of socialist Marina Silva, who is calling for new trade pacts beyond Mercosur and for making the Central Bank of Brazil independent.
Instead of simply providing handouts, governments should strive to guarantee good jobs at good wages.
Environmental degradation is on the rise.
No governance framework is in place for emerging high-seas industries such as energy production.
The increasing uptake of carbon dioxide is causing ocean acidification and unprecedented changes in chemical and physical conditions, which in turn are affecting marine organisms and ecosystems.
Without subsidies, high-seas fisheries would not be financially viable.
Join our mission at http://missionocean.me.
Last week, addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentina’s business community, Kicillof explained the government’s policies as a real-world application of Keynesian theories.
The fiscal and monetary impulse supported a rapid recovery.
But Argentines are not pessimistic about the economy because other Argentines are pessimistic.
But Keynes is not to blame. Kicillof and Kirchner are.
Meanwhile, in Hong Kong, Singapore, and China, there are calls for extending university programs so that students can obtain a broad, liberal education, in the hope that graduates will be more inclined to experiment and innovate.
·         How should we balance individual liberty and collective security?
Similar efforts have been underway for years in the US.
HONG KONG – It is now widely accepted that the recent global financial crisis was actually a balance-sheet crisis.
But, given that the largest enterprises are either state-owned or local-government entities, their debts are essentially domestic sovereign obligations.
In other words, interest-rate reforms must be pursued alongside capital-market reforms that boost access to credit by the more productive sectors.
From a policy perspective, the goal should be to strike a balance between competition (which spurs growth-enhancing innovation but can also generate instability) and cooperation (which promotes long-term social cohesion but can also lead to stagnation).
E-commerce platforms like Alibaba have not only breached banks’ payment business; they have also begun to offer wealth-management products.
Given the difficulty of identifying which of the old rules needed to be reformed or eliminated, the process depended on the delegation of central-government powers to local governments, which were better equipped to experiment with market rules to boost economic growth.
But it is not enough.
Consider the effort last summer to assess the government’s financial condition.
With its latest set of reforms, China’s government is attempting finally to fine-tune its approach.
Great Cities and Ghost Towns
Of course, the translation of infrastructure investment into economic progress is not guaranteed.
By working with the World Bank and the China Development Bank (CDB), Shanghai and Guangdong created an innovative institutional structure to facilitate the coordination of stakeholders to deliver specific infrastructure projects, employing the legal and accounting tools of modern corporations.
But the infrastructure boom was underpinned by the belief that local governments would always have access to easy credit, cheap land, and rising demand.
HONG KONG – The eighteenth-century German military strategist Carl von Clausewitz defined war as the continuation of politics by different means, and, like the ancient Chinese strategist Sun Tzu, believed that securing peace meant preparing for violent conflict.
The second factor – clan – is manifested in rising ethnic tensions in Europe, Turkey, India, and elsewhere, driven by forces like migration and competition for jobs.
If emerging conflicts and competitive pressures lead to, say, economic sanctions or the obstruction of key trade routes, the resulting balkanization of global trade would diminish globalization’s benefits substantially.
With this approach, the US and its allies are sending a clear message to anyone who may disagree with US policy: avoid using the dollar and dollar-denominated bank accounts.
On one hand, consumers and investors are pushing businesses to raise their standards. On the other hand, technological shifts are generating more and better information faster, enabling unprecedented levels of transparency and accountability.
Traceability of certain key commodities – including palm oil, soy, and paper pulp – will determine the success of the overall anti-deforestation agenda.
Global connectivity, through laptops and smart phones, means that people everywhere can get real-time information in their living rooms, board rooms, and in the palm of their hands.
New satellites currently being tested will gather images at even higher resolution.
WASHINGTON, DC – Coal is emerging as a major topic of conversation at the United Nations climate-change negotiations currently taking place in Warsaw – and rightly so.
Five Nordic countries have joined the US Treasury in ending public financing of new coal-fired power plants overseas, and others may soon follow suit.
If built, the world would commit a large share of the remaining carbon budget to high-carbon infrastructure with a lifespan of 40-50 years.
We need to expand access to these technologies rapidly, while helping people whose livelihoods depend on the coal industry.
PISA brings together policymakers, educators, and researchers from around the world to discuss what knowledge students need to become successful and responsible citizens in today’s world, and how to develop more effective, inclusive education systems.
Education systems as diverse as those in Finland, Japan, China, and Canada – which seldom registered on policymakers’ radars before – have become global reference points for excellence in education, helping other countries to design effective reforms.
This experience offers yet another lesson: even in cases where social and cultural factors seem to be the main force shaping a country’s education style, improvements are possible.
BERLIN – The European Union’s recent summit has brought about a typically European compromise on the Greek financial crisis, one that avoids the term “solution” and hides behind the idea of a “mechanism.”
Everyone involved could have lived with this compromise; it was the political confrontation that preceded it that made agreement difficult. Indeed, the European confrontation Merkel initiated (shame on you if you see a connection with the upcoming German elections) has changed the EU forever.
If Germany no longer Europeanizes its more narrowly defined national interests, but pursues them as others do, the result will be a re-nationalization within the EU.
PARIS – The recent cover of Der Spiegel showing German Chancellor Angela Merkel in front of the Acropolis surrounded by Nazi officers serves an important purpose: it finally poses, in a way that cannot be evaded, the question of Germanophobia in Europe.
From the extreme right, National Front leader Marine Le Pen chides Merkel for the “suffering” that she is imposing on the peoples of Europe.
It should also be noted that Merkel is a woman, and that hatred for women – the disdain in which they, right alongside the Jews, were regarded by the racist theoreticians of the 1920s and 1930s – has been an essential dimension of every expression of fascism.
Angela Merkel Meets the World
When he established a close personal and political relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin, he signaled to the world – and to the EU’s sensitive new Eastern European members – that Germany’s foreign policy would no longer be constrained by the past.
But she has already made clear that Germany’s neighbors to the East will have no reason not feel bypassed.
At home, Merkel can hope to reap the rewards.
Germany’s actions throughout the crisis have been plainly contradictory.
Her style of leadership, which has mostly consisted of taking a wait-and-see approach to issues, fits this uncertainty well.
Merkel now feels the fatal consequences of her “leadership without leading” approach.
So, as Germans once again see their “Iron Chancellor” deliver butter-soft results, they are increasingly likely to trust those who warn that the government is being tricked into a “transfer union” that uses German money to finance handouts for fiscally lax EU members.
And, two weeks before Martin died, Jolie revealed that she had undergone a preventive double mastectomy after testing positive for a BRCA gene mutation – which is correlated with a woman’s being five times more susceptible to breast cancer and 28 times more susceptible to ovarian cancer.
As enthusiastically as the global mass media has received her choice, it is nonetheless extremely difficult in the West for a woman to be portrayed as maternal – let alone physically “flawed” or “impaired” – and also as a fantasy sex object.
Twenty-two years ago, when Anita Hill publicly accused then-US Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas of sexual harassment, it was she, the alleged victim, who was scrutinized and smeared as “a little bit nutty and a little bit slutty.”
When they couldn’t pay, as sometimes happened, sovereigns defaulted.
When debt is unsustainable, there are several possible negotiating outcomes. Sometimes, debt-service payments are rescheduled and perhaps stretched out over a longer period, thus giving the debtor country time to regain its ability to pay.
Regardless of how the current impasse is resolved, the ruling raises many questions for issuers and holders of sovereign debt. If creditors now believe that holding out makes it more likely that they will receive full value at a later date, restructuring sovereign debt and restoring a debtor economy’s normal functioning will be more difficult.
In fact, these ceremonies are about the graduates’ families – that is, those who have loved and supported them, regardless of their biological connection – as much as they are about the graduates themselves.
To this end, they should ask their own fathers and grandfathers what they wish they had done differently – and plan accordingly.
The point is the choice: the choice of how much energy to devote to one’s home, the choice of a career based on passion, and the choice of a genuinely equal partner.
Finally, graduation does not mean that the family’s job is complete.
In return, Iran will get “limited, temporary, targeted, and reversible relief” from international sanctions.
That includes suspension of international sanctions on Iran’s exports of oil, gold, and cars, which could yield $1.5 billion in revenue; unfreezing $4.2 billion in revenue from oil sales; and releasing tuition-assistance payments from the Iranian government to Iranian students enrolled abroad.
Let us imagine, just for a moment, what the Middle East and Central Asia could look like if the US and Iran could once again talk to each other.
That is what it takes.
He knows that a US-led military effort can significantly weaken the Islamic State, but that only a combined military-political effort can defeat it.
Where Obama’s strategy is weakest is in reaching ordinary people: the networked web of human relationships that transmits rage, hatred, and despair or hope, trust, and loyalty.
For, contrary to Obama’s claim, the brutality of the Islamic State is not “unique.”
Check.
Honoring all three of those legal obligations simultaneously is impossible if Congress refuses to raise the debt ceiling, but raising the debt ceiling without Congressional approval, though illegal and an impeachable offense, was the least-bad choice.
Equally important, these women felt – and acted upon – the moral necessity of actually governing. In the words of Senator Susan Collins, a Republican from Maine who first put together the outlines of a deal and took it to the Senate floor, the shutdown “hurt all the small businesses” around Acadia National Park in her home state, “and that is plain wrong.”
Several weeks ago, German President Joachim Gauck’s opening address to the 50th annual Munich Security Conference reflected on the Federal Republic’s evolution over those five decades, a period that gave rise to “a good Germany, the best we have ever known.”
Germany has long sought a seat on the United Nations Security Council, making common cause with Japan, Brazil, and India.
More controversially, Gauck proclaimed the need for Security Council authorization of any use of force, but also hinted at a Kosovo precedent for possible military intervention in Syria.
That means supporting a greater global role for all powers that understand and accept real responsibility for maintaining global peace and security.
The task now for would-be peace brokers is to halt that dynamic by agreeing on criteria for participation in whatever elections will eventually be held, regardless of whether President Bashar al-Assad remains in power until then.
Finally, the single most important step that US President Barack Obama could take is to put the credible threat of force back on the table.
The threat of cruise-missile strikes last September was enough to send Al Qaeda members in Syria scrambling for the hills.
But this time something was different: Americans continued to watch even after the US team was eliminated.
For starters, both the US team and the US audience for soccer derive their growing strength from immigrants – many from countries where the sport is a national passion.
My mother is originally Belgian, though she has been a US citizen for over 50 years; I still have an uncle, aunt, and cousins in Brussels.
As our team maneuvered the ball down the field, politics fell away.
The Shareholder Spring Continues
Discontent has continued to mount, and investors, employees, politicians, and members of the public now want to know not only about executive compensation, but also about the frequently staggering discrepancy between what companies’ highest- and lowest-paid personnel earn.
In contrast, other companies have swung to the opposite extreme and embraced fully virtual meetings.
On top of Argentina’s bestseller list is The Myths of Argentine History, Volume Two .
In the collective imagination, this idea was expressed in the phrase, “The country that we all deserve.”
Argentina has become a country without direction.
The process of developing and coming to terms with a new national idea cannot begin and end with a rejection of the very concept.
No Serbian leader will agree to Kosovo’s independence, because nationalism remains the dominant political force in the country.
The nature of the independence bestowed is also important.
And they continue to push &#45;&#45; unsuccessfully &#45;&#45; for Ahtisaari’s removal in order to prolong the Vienna talks.
But failure to proceed definitively now on Kosovo’s final status will produce a worse Balkan situation, one that blocks Serbia’s move toward the West and ultimate membership in the EU, condemns Kosovo’s ethnic minorities to dangerous ambiguity, and imperils fragile states like Bosnia and Macedonia.
By the 1970’s, it had brought to the United Kingdom large and ultimately unsustainable current-account deficits, high levels of inflation, and then political gridlock over what to do.
There appears to be an overwhelming likelihood that the 1974 stalemate will be repeated in the upcoming general election on May 6.
The magic of markets made possible an individualization of borrowing and consumption.
The moment they start to disagree with the Liberal Democrats, they will make themselves look extreme and will forfeit voter sympathies.
The latter option, once unthinkable, is possible because Berlusconi is not running the type of inflammatory electoral campaign that he has in the past.
New activism on the part of France and the United Kingdom, along with Germany’s emergence as a central player in EU affairs, risk marginalizing Italy’s influence even more.
Strong pan-European center-right and center-left political parties are likely to contest the European Parliament elections in the spring of 2009.
Even the once famously tolerant Dutch and Danes are increasingly voting for parties that fulminate against the scourge of immigration.
On the right, support for conservative parties is split between business interests that benefit from immigration or supranational institutions, and groups that feel threatened by them.
It is irrelevant that the provincials’ political leaders (and their backers) are sometimes wealthier than the resented metropolitan elites.
Likewise, economic globalization cannot be undone.
By a vote of eight to three, the Court upheld his conviction on charges of racism.
They bar threats against, and harassment of, individuals.
Constitutional and legal provisions that make practicing racism a crime punishable by imprisonment have great symbolic significance and help insure - indeed, create and secure - social peace.
Ellwanger crossed the line separating free expression from hate speech.
Likewise, “Eurabia,” Bat Ye’Or’s prophecy of Islamic doom for the West, simply is not emerging.
None of these events sparked anything remotely resembling the public outrage of recent weeks.
As Hannah Arendt pointed out six decades ago, the rise of anti-Semitism fueled Europe’s descent into totalitarianism.
LONDON – This week, British Prime Minister David Cameron and Chinese President Xi Jinping announced a new fund to support research aimed at tackling the problem of so-called superbugs: disease-causing microbes that have become resistant to conventional drugs.
As it stands, huge amounts of antibiotics are wasted each year – even in countries with highly sophisticated health-care systems.
Real progress over the next five years requires these countries’ health-care systems to leapfrog ahead of those of the advanced economies, by implementing rapid diagnostic technologies and tools wherever possible, thereby ensuring that antibiotics are used only when truly necessary.
This system would not only spur innovation; it would also help to increase uptake of new and existing diagnostics.
दवा-रोधी रोगाणुओं की चुनौती का सामना करना कठिन होगा।  इसके लिए न केवल नई रोगाणु-रोधी दवाओं के अनुसंधान और विकास में प्रमुख निवेश की ज़रूरत होगी, बल्कि नए इलाजों को नियंत्रित और सीमित करने की ज़रूरत भी होगी, ताकि उनकी प्रभावकारिता संरक्षित रखी जा सके। जैसा कि जलवायु परिवर्तन पर प्रतिक्रिया के साथ है, प्रभावी रणनीति के लिए अंतर्राष्ट्रीय समन्वय की ज़रूरत होगी। ख़ास तौर से, सरकारी भुगतानकर्ताओं और वैश्विक ग़रीबों के साथ फ़ार्मास्यूटिकल कंपनियों की ज़रूरतों का समाधान किया जाना चाहिए।


“We agree that attention should be given to global health risks, such as antimicrobial resistance, infectious disease threats, and weak health systems,” read the communiqué. “These can significantly impact growth and stability.”
And we are improving the surveillance of superbugs, as we learn more about the dangers they pose to humans and animals. The United Kingdom, for example, has committed $300 million to support microbiology surveillance capacity in developing countries.
दवा का सामाजिक विज्ञान

समस्या का प्रभावी ढंग से समाधान करने के लिए, इस प्रयास को जैविक विज्ञान के दायरे से आगे बढ़ाकर दवा के साथ पारंपरिक रूप से न जुड़े क्षेत्रों तक ले जाना चाहिए। अमीर और गरीब देशों दोनों में ही समान रूप से, हम एंटीबायोटिक दवाओं के नियमित नशेड़ी बन गए हैं। प्रतिरोध का मुकाबला करने की कुंजी यह है कि रोगजनक जिस गति से अनुकूलन कर सकते हैं उस गति को कम किया जाए। लेकिन, एंटीबायोटिक दवाओं के अधिक उपयोग और उपचार के लिए आवश्यक कोर्स को पूरा न करने के फलस्वरूप, हम रोगाणुओं का उपयोग अभी पर्याप्त दवा प्रतिरोध को प्रोत्साहित करने के लिए कर रहे हैं। वास्तव में, हम रोगाणुओं का टीका लगाकर हम उनके खिलाफ जो प्रयोग करना चाहते हैं उसे दवाओं के खिलाफ कर रहे हैं।

It is the epicenter of underlying tensions stemming from China’s rise and its impact on the United States, the region’s established power since World War II’s end.
Furthermore, Chinese leaders point to what they regards as intrusive US human-rights diplomacy aimed at fomenting political protest within China (including Hong Kong) and undermining the regime’s domestic legitimacy.
Such a framework embraces realism about areas of contention defined by significant conflicting national interests and values.
APEC, an Australian diplomatic initiative launched 25 years ago, was originally conceived as an exclusively economic forum.
A meeting between Abe and Xi – their first since either came to power – would offer concrete grounds for hope.
With both leaders having spent the last two years overcoming domestic opponents and consolidating their power, they may have gained confidence in their ability to compromise.
How Abe decides is likely to depend on his confidence in his political position.
When it didn’t, either the official representatives left in protest at our presence, or we left hurriedly, or we all pretended not to notice each other, or – albeit on rare occasions – we started to converse with each other, which frequently were the only moments of dialogue between the regime and the opposition (not counting our courthouse encounters).
It will be even worse if the EU countries try to mask their screening activities by inviting only diplomats to embassy celebrations in Cuba.
Where will it end?
This month has been a bad one for the cause of human rights in Europe, as Serbia was allowed to begin its six-month presidency of the Council of Europe, the Continent’s oldest political body.
But an immediate resumption of negotiations amounts to an approach that is all carrot and no stick, damaging the EU’s own credibility.
Mladic must be arrested before talks start, not after.
We know how that plan ended.
But now, following the North’s recent nuclear tests, and given its improving ballistic-missile capabilities, that approach is no longer tenable.
I still recall the difficulty that I faced, as South Korea’s foreign minister, in convincing Bush administration policymakers to negotiate with North Korea instead of merely applying pressure and waiting for the North to capitulate.
China fears not only the social and economic consequences of a North Korean implosion, but also the strategic consequences of reunification – in particular, that the US military, through its alliance with South Korea, would gain access to territory on its border.
The lives of ordinary North Koreans matter as much as the security of North Korea’s neighbors.

Education efforts that are accessible and interesting have the potential to undermine that advantage.
Finally, apps can be undermined by the coercion that often accompanies human trafficking.
The gradual replacement of one generation of elites by another may be one of the key factors in determining whether or not effective reform takes place in the Arab world.
Unsurprisingly, many in this generation grew dissatisfied, and not a few began to look for Islamic alternatives to the prevailing political systems.
But it is the fourth group that underscores the relevance of generational issues in the Arab world.
Developments in Morocco, Bahrain, and Jordan certainly seem to suggest that this changing of the guard can help soften rigid political structures and allow for broader participation.
Arguably, it is a choice for economic modernization, for an end to the politics of conflict, and for positive political change further down the road.
Not unlike North Korea’s and Iran’s defiant nuclear policies, Bashar’s membership in the region’s “axis of evil” is a call for dialogue with America, not an invitation to an invasion, and for a settlement with Israel, not a drive to wage war on it.  
But, with the decline of secular nationalism and Islamism’s rise, the hidden electoral power of the Muslim Brotherhood poses a mortal threat to the regime and its strategic alliance with the West.
Rather, it means opting for a controlled transition to a post-revolutionary phase in which economic modernization and international integration might usher in greater political change in the future.
Governments don’t have the luxury of waiting forever, and they can no longer use the myth of popular quiescence to avoid initiating the necessary reforms that will address the public’s underlying grievances.
The protests are clearly the result of ordinary citizens becoming fed up with corruption, the lack of any semblance of rule of law, and arbitrary treatment.
But the subsequent silence on democratization aggravated – though it certainly did not cause – the unraveling of the Arab reform process in the last few years.
(Ten weeks into the fighting in Libya, the Europeans were already running out of munitions.)
But the fiscal crisis is not the whole story.
Conspicuously, there is much in the Narrative that coincides with Europe’s emphasis on soft power.
History gave Yasir Arafat far more time than most leaders to achieve his mission.
But this is the view of only a small minority of leaders, notably former Prime Minister Abu Mazin and Muhammad Dahlan, who heads his own militia in the Gaza Strip.
The problem for Palestinian moderates is clear: any leader willing to agree a peace treaty with Israel would be opposed - passionately and even violently - by roughly 80% of the movement.
Only if the post-Arafat movement decides that it really wants a Palestinian state in exchange for ending the conflict with Israel in every respect will there be a real chance of peace.
It has been correctly said over and again that Arafat was a mixed blessing for his people.
Whether or not he was solely to blame, a true opportunity for historical compromise was missed at Camp David in August 2000, and he himself acknowledged it a year later.
Statements by Tony Blair, Jacques Chirac, Kofi Annan and others on the occasion of Arafat’s death have been forceful in demanding a speedy and long overdue resolution of the conflict.
Since April, we have spoken with Russian officials and academics, as well as officials from several other Arctic Council member states.
All countries – and Russia in particular – have infrastructure deficiencies in the Arctic; and, even with the sea ice melting, shipping remains risky and uncertain.
It will take years to sort out the competing claims under the treaty, but so far all of the concerned states are playing by the rules.
The Swedish bank cleanup in the early 1990’s is often cited as an example of how successful this idea can be.
The rest of Nordbanken, now known as Nordea, proceeded to become the largest bank in Scandinavia.
The new government implemented an effective and very big program to close a budget deficit of roughly 12% of GDP.
All subsidies should be transparent, and public/private bad banks are not.
They are trying to cook up ways to discipline financial firms, albeit without conspicuous success so far, as demonstrated by the large sums stashed away for employee compensation by Goldman Sachs after its most recent profitable quarter.
So there is some basis for saying they are overpaid, but why?
If this explanation is broadly correct (and it incorporates the deregulation point as well, as you can see) then what can be done about it? Politicians and regulators are exploring a number of options, from higher tax rates, through fines for certain types of bonus arrangements, to variable capital requirements.
What Good Are Economists?
Nonetheless, whenever a crisis loomed in the last century, the broad consensus among economists was that it did not.
But this criticism is unfair.
The fun thing about Litan’s book is that he details many clever little ideas about how to run businesses or to manage the economy better.
FDI can bring a range of benefits, but it also can have costs.
This response is intertwined with a defensive reaction to the growing role of TNC’s from emerging markets, the “new kids on the block.” Established TNC’s, and their home countries, will need to adjust to this new constellation of forces and its implications for the world market.
Reservations against FDI (as against anything foreign) can be found in all groups of countries, and politicians can bring them to the surface, resulting in protectionism.
Excluding them from the sphere of beings to whom we owe moral consideration can then seem arbitrary, or just plain wrong.
If the average teenager today took an IQ test in 1910, he or she would score 130, which would be better than 98% of those taking the test then.
Recently, together with other scientists, I studied the animals in the human exclusion zone around the plant.
Indeed, as early as a few years after the accident, data collected by Belarusan scientists flying helicopter surveys over the abandoned area showed rising numbers of wild boar, elk, and roe deer.
But a comparison with what happened outside the affected area is instructive.
Are Israel and Syria Ready for Peace?
Such a war could be won only by the total destruction of Lebanon by Israel’s air force.
These are peace talks, not a defense treaty, and Syria would not abruptly disengage from its Iranian friends.
The United States is consistently ranked among the world’s top ten countries for innovation, including by INSEAD’s Global Innovation Index. But, on the Global Peace Index, it is ranked 88th of 153 countries.
Given this, officials, investors, and business leaders in search of revolutionary ideas, cutting-edge solutions, and untapped talent should not allow turbulence in some societies, or tranquility in others, to influence their decisions excessively.
In 2005, 10% of all new businesses in Lebanon were in the creative sector, and the copyright-based industries contributed 4.75% of GDP.
MOSCOW – The economic sanctions imposed on Russia by the West in March 2014 have undoubtedly been painful.
It remains a core message of today’s dominant neoclassical school – embodied in the so-called “Washington Consensus,” adopted across the world under the International Monetary Fund’s advice – which claims that the key to economic development is to open up, deregulate, liberalize, and privatize.
Ultimately, the mechanization of the textile industry ushered in the Industrial Revolution, and mass production and exports underpinned the development of the world’s largest maritime fleet.
Today, by contrast, Russia has a capitalist system that offers considerable benefits to those who adapt best to the restrictions.
Furthermore, Russia’s leadership has accelerated cooperation with the other BRICS economies (Brazil, India, China, and South Africa), and Putin recently announced ambitious plans to boost domestic demand.
Ever since the Industrial Revolution, manufacturing has been the key to rapid economic growth.
As a consequence, developing countries are starting to de-industrialize and become more dependent on services at much lower levels of income than has been the pattern for developed countries – a phenomenon that I have called premature de-industrialization.
It is unclear whether their conclusions extend to other periods.
In principle, many of these activities could benefit from better technologies, improved organization, and greater formalization.
BRUSSELS – The euro area confronts a fundamental crisis that attacks on financial speculators will do nothing to resolve.
Failure is not an option.”
One might object that the distinction between Southern and Northern views is academic nowadays, because failure really isn’t an option, given that it would trigger a disastrous reaction in global financial markets.
Terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia have led many to question not only the ruling House of Saud's prospects for survival, but also whether the kingdom is fundamentally dysfunctional and destructive.
Sixty-two percent of Saudis described themselves as religious, compared with 82% of Iranians, 85% of Jordanians, and 98% of Egyptians.
Little wonder, then, that Egyptians and Jordanians, who live in countries where the state does not enforce piety, are more religious than Iranians or Saudis, who must cope with local "virtue" police backed by the state.
A strong current of liberalism appeared in the late nineteenth century in Ottoman Syria in response to the religious despotism of Sultan Abdulhamid.
But, while strengthening such programs should be a high priority, we should not lose sight of how well middle-income families have actually done over the past few decades.
Any adult who was alive in the US during these three decades realizes that this number grossly understates the gains of the typical household.
To convert annual incomes to real incomes, the CBO used the price deflator for consumer expenditures, which many believe is better for this purpose than the consumer price index.
No one knows how much such product innovations and improvements have added to our wellbeing.
The metaphor of war has the singular advantage that it clearly and strongly evokes the intensity of the counterattack that was called for.
The negative consequences of this mistaken vision very quickly became apparent.
The attraction of this metaphor may be attributable to the excessive trust that Americans place not only in their army, which is understandable, but in force in general, which is much less understandable in the case of an intelligent people.
But America’s strategy has failed.
Throughout history, paradigms of economic power have been drawn and redrawn according to the rise and fall of those countries best equipped to drive global growth and provide stimulus to the global economy.
Broadly, this arrangement still holds today, though hints of its erosion became evident some time ago.
The size and dynamism of China’s economy, and the rapid globalization of its corporations and banks, makes the renminbi especially likely to take on a more important international role.
According to Kosovo President Fatmir Sejdiu, “The decision finally removes all doubts that countries which still do not recognize the Republic of Kosovo could have.”

But the rights of persons and peoples, not just interests of states, are at stake in controversies such as this one.
The story's premise is that the world will run out of oil faster than we thought, as these billions of people chase their dreams of big houses and sport utility vehicles.
Expectations become self-fulfilling, oil prices rise, a speculative bubble is born.
The book launched an international debate on whether the world would soon face immense economic problems due to shortages of oil and other natural resources - problems that seemed to be presaged by OPEC's production cuts eighteen months later.
But don't hold your breath.
· Cut public-sector spending directly, while creating incentives to induce lower private-sector expenditure.
The second problem is timing, with governments struggling to ensure that the measures take effect in the right sequence.
To revive the Argentine economy in a durable and inclusive manner, Macri’s government needs to act fast to mobilize sizeable external financial assistance, generate additional domestic resources, and implement deeper structural reforms.
The decision – a welcome break from a series of decisions by American judges who do not seem to understand the complexities of global financial markets – conveys some important messages.
This brings us to the second lesson of the British ruling.
That ambition has become more attainable in view of the damage to the US system's credibility in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The country’s largest such crisis, in 2001, brought down the local banking system and caused the Argentine government to default on its debts. The economy contracted by a whopping 18%, and the unemployment rate peaked above 22%.
What saved Argentina over the last decade were highly favorable external conditions: sky-high global commodity prices and technological innovations that greatly increased farm yields.
To stem the outflow of dollars, the central bank may well be forced to raise interest rates.
Under the existing regime, the country had been on a rapid downward spiral of the kind that has now become familiar in Greece and elsewhere in Europe.
That is why, for domestic debt disputes, countries have bankruptcy laws and courts.
Americans have seen how financial firms put their own interests ahead of those of the country – and the world.
The risk of default or debt restructuring induces creditors to be more careful in their lending decisions.
The US court’s tendentious, economically dangerous ruling shows why we need such a system now.
In the past decade, YPF’s reserves diminished significantly, along with those of most oil companies operating in Argentina, because investment in exploration was greatly reduced.
At the same time, the country must modify its consumption model through greater reliance on hydroelectric, nuclear, and wind energy.
Néstor Kirchner, Cristina’s husband and Argentina’s current president, did not want to run for office again, despite being legally permitted to do so and voters’ preference for him over her.
Maybe the most important point – and a key difference with the Clintons – is that this experiment begins in an Argentina that suffers from great institutional vulnerability.
It is a significant achievement.
And, as with humans who mix only with their close relatives, the political gene pool weakens.
Whatever their short-term benefits and popularity, gestures of such gravity always entail serious long-term consequences.
Now all bets are off.
Oil stirs great popular fascination.
CAMBRIDGE – Where are global currencies headed in 2011? After three years of huge, crisis-driven exchange-rate swings, it is useful to take stock both of currency values and of the exchange-rate system as a whole.
By contrast, the financial crisis was hardly an advertisement for expanding the scope of fixed exchange rates.
As for currency collapse, the most prominent candidate has to be the euro.
As for China’s renminbi, it is still supported by a highly political exchange-rate regime.
But is it wise for EU and NATO members to enhance the capacity of non-allies to project their military power? After all, only two and a half years ago, Russia invaded Georgia, a country that NATO had named as a potential future member, and has occupied part of it ever since.
But the common position does not specify the extent to which another member state should be consulted.
Consulting at an early stage would help manage misperceptions – often fueled by reports in the media long before deals are concluded – and thus strengthen convergence and unity among EU member states.
These issues are of concern to all allies, so discussions should not be confined to bilateral agendas.
At worst, however, it creates an image of arrogance that can only undermine the credibility on which central banks’ authority rests.
If the choice at any particular moment is to provide support or let the system collapse, you should choose support.
But bankers strongly reject this approach (because it would likely lower their pay), as do central bankers (because they are too much persuaded by the protestation of bankers).
This is a good story, full of human drama and power politics.
The computers gradually improved, but they still seemed far inferior to the top humans.
Until a short while ago, I could certainly distinguish a computer from a human opponent.
But the level that computers have reached already is scary enough.
MUNICH – Artificial intelligence, once confined to the realm of science fiction, is changing our lives. Cars are driving themselves.
Apple is shifting some manufacturing from China to Silicon Valley; Airtex Design Group is moving part of its textile production from China back to the United States.
In Austria, the share of people with a university degree or its equivalent increased by 250% between 1996 and 2012.
It is now at about 58% of GDP.
What implications does China’s emergence onto the global stage hold for southern Africa? Can China help lift the world’s poorest region out of its deep economic and political malaise?
Moreover, these services are set to benefit from the broader trade expansion with China, potentially establishing a virtuous circle of investment and exports.
With WTO negotiations underway and an expanding free-trade agenda taking hold, those tariffs are under pressure.
On balance, then southern Africa clearly stands to benefit economically from China’s emergence as a global power.
As Song Siming, a handsome, successful, and Audi-driving – but also married – secretary to the Mayor, tells her, “On those unsightly corners in the dark where dirt, flies, and rats wander, nobody's paying attention.”
“Wo Ju” is an adaptation of a novel about recent skyrocketing housing prices in Chinese cities – especially in Shanghai – and the effect of real-estate fever on young Chinese men and women in today’s get-rich-by-any-means China.
As Song arrogantly says to Guo before he dies, “As long as it’s a problem that we can solve with money, then it’s not a big problem.”
More and more young women are making just such practical choices: putting an apartment before love and pragmatism before principle.
The peak ratio and the subsequent downward trajectory depend crucially on the assumed pace of economic growth.
But a revival of economic growth in the short term is unlikely.
If the interest rate is higher than the growth rate, austerity is required;&nbsp;the wider the gap, the more austerity is needed.
Given that perpetual austerity is untenable and others in Europe can only do so much, without robust growth the options will narrow quickly.
All three are raising serious doubts, in different ways, about their commitment to the rule of law, the integrity of their judicial systems, and the quality of mercy in the administration of justice.
Many do want to end, once and for all, the corrupt, vote-buying culture that has long afflicted Thai politics on both sides.
What does not yet seem to have registered with Jokowi, or with enough of his fellow citizens, is the incongruity of refusing even to consider clemency for those on Indonesia's death row, while lobbying passionately for clemency for more than 200 Indonesians condemned to die elsewhere, notably in the Gulf.
But that is no longer true in today's interconnected world.
Approval by the association’s foreign ministers may come in September, with ASEAN leaders tackling the issue in October.
Western sanctions instead paved the way for investments in Myanmar by those with less concern about human rights violations – first by ASEAN neighbors in hotels and other sectors, and more recently by China and India, which are vying for projects and influence in the strategic energy sector.
Such dialogue is vital if Myanmar is to be prevented from possibly pursuing nuclear weapons and rigging elections, à la Iran.
Japan, too – still the largest Asian economy and a traditional donor to the region – must also play a role.
And the major emerging economies are all slowing, with Russia practically at a standstill.
Disappointing export performance is largely responsible for the recent weakening of economic-growth prospects.
Fiscal stimulus by these three countries – together with smaller contributions from France and China – could have continued the necessary healing.
After a spike earlier in the year, Japan’s exports have also contracted.
The US, Germany, the United Kingdom, France, and China should act together to provide that boost.
Indeed, in the 6-12 months prior to every crisis, the IMF’s forecasts implied business as usual.
Malaysia’s imposition of capital controls was a controversial policy decision.
The fall in property prices was modest relative to Ireland and Spain, and, because there was no construction boom, there was no construction bust.
If so, a fundamental question may well become unavoidable: Why does the IMF exist, and for whom?
When it does not, the IMF publishes another rendition of the same claims.
American consumers remain scarred by the crisis.
The technical lead held by Europe’s traditional trading economies is being eroded, while wage competition is encouraging fears of deflation.
New bus routes between India and Pakistan may not make headlines, but they deliver a degree of normalcy to relations riddled with mistrust.
Roughly 80% of China’s energy imports pass through that potential chokepoint, which is mostly policed by the US Navy.
From Bangkok, the line will run east through Cambodia and north through Vietnam to Hanoi, then through Laos and back to Kunming.
The question is whether Asia’s infrastructure investments, particularly those by China, will be used to create Asian satellites of the Middle Kingdom, or become tools to be used among equals.
Other players on the grand chessboard of Asian geopolitics also are seeking to formulate new equations, as they concurrently pursue strategies of hedging, balancing, and bandwagoning.
The US is now courting Vietnam as well, and the two countries are even negotiating a civilian nuclear deal.
If China, India, and Japan constitute a scalene strategic triangle in Asia, with China representing the longest side, side A, the sum of side B (India) and side C (Japan) will always be greater than A. Not surprisingly, the fastest-growing relationship in Asia today is probably between Japan and India.
Each of them could pursue game-changing initiatives if only they could summon the necessary statesmanship.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye: “I will&nbsp;remove the ‘May 24’ sanctions we placed on North Korea after their military provocations in 2010, because they are making impossible nearly all of the measures to build trust and confidence that I keep saying are necessary.
But if I can make it believable, it will do more to win the US friendship, respect, and ultimate security in East Asia and around the world than our trillion-dollar nuclear-weapons modernization program or all the unworkable and counter-productive missile-defense systems at which we keep hurling money.
For the second time in less than four years, Asia is being hit with a major external demand shock.
Historically, the US was modern Asia’s largest source of external demand.
By 2010, the EU accounted for 20% of total Chinese exports, while the US share was just 18%.
Yet the region has failed to construct that firewall.
Until that occurs, the vice now gripping Asia will only continue to tighten.
Indeed, Xi implicitly criticized the existing US-dominated security architecture in Asia as stuck in the Cold War, and characterized “military alliance targeted at a third party” as “not conducive to maintaining common security.”
Most notably, China has established new development institutions, the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and the new Silk Road Fund, to which it will channel tens of billions of dollars – clear challenges to the established Western-dominated multilateral institutions.
Most of China’s neighbors, even North Korea, fear an unconstrained Chinese hegemon – and, if the US security presence were eliminated, that is precisely what they would face.
Asia in the Balance
Nevertheless, strategic anxiety lurks below the surface, particularly in India.
After market-oriented reforms in the early 1990’s, growth rates soared, with projections of double-digit growth in the future.
India’s GDP of $3.3 trillion compares to China’s $5 trillion, and is 20% that of the United States.
Indian officials are generally discrete in public about relations with China, but in private their concerns remain intense.
Above all, I seek results.
You expect nothing.
Asia’s contribution to the UN, though significant, could be greater.
As an Asian Secretary-General, I hope to see this change.
In the coming decades, this burgeoning demographic segment will serve as a keystone for economic and political development in the region, with significant implications for the rest of the world.
Indeed, Asia’s growing middle class will transform a region known as a global manufacturing hub into a consumption powerhouse.
By participating actively in politics, basing their electoral choices on rational self-interest, and developing the sense of moderation needed to resist dictatorship, the middle class promotes democratic progress.
The list of major national political leaders in the region who have faced, or are about to face, criminal charges has grown so extensive that it is plausible to wonder whether democracy itself can survive in a number of these countries.
Singh’s questioning by government prosecutors is perhaps the least worrying case, because India’s democracy is rock-solid, and its judiciary is fearsomely jealous of its independence.
Shinawatra’s overthrow by the military was clearly a bid by the country’s generals to end by force the electoral lock that she and her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra – himself a former prime minister who was deposed by a military coup in 2006 – have had on Thailand for almost 15 years.
Putting one’s opponents in the criminal dock seems unlikely to produce a similar result.
Already eyeing a third term, he can count on political longevity on the order of Mahathir’s 22-year rule.
The region-wide crisis in 1997, weak progress on free trade, and the region’s security vulnerabilities have made Thaksin aware of ASEAN’s limitations.
Only late last year did he admit that southern Muslim separatism was the cause.
If he is enlightened enough to make amends with disaffected southerners and move beyond his vested interests in Myanmar, he retains a good shot at becoming Asia’s next spokesman.
China’s government responded to this by encouraging manufacturers to move into the country’s vast hinterland, where wages are much lower.
Bangladesh, too, is starting to join Asia’s production chains, which is one reason why it has experienced strong growth since the return to the premiership of Sheikh Hasina in 2009.
Were China to adopt an exchange-rate regime characterized by a multiple-currency, basket-based reference rate with a reasonably wide band – a policy first proposed by Willem Thorbecke of the Asian Development Bank Institute – the huge surpluses generated within Asia’s production networks would cause the region’s currencies to appreciate together, instead of putting pressure on just one or two, as is happening today.
Such challenges dictate greater US-China cooperation to ensure continued large capital inflows from China, as well as Chinese political support on difficult issues ranging from North Korea and Burma to Pakistan and Iran.
Central to Asia’s future is the strategic triangle made up of China, India, and Japan.
But in Asia, the wars since 1950 failed to resolve disputes.
Most Asian countries are recovering strongly from the global recession that set in following the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008.
In 1989, before the Tiananmen Square incident, the renminbi’s exchange rate was 45% higher than it is now – a level that could be re-attained relatively soon.
Indeed, the country desperately requires strong political leadership to prevent a Greek scenario – political leadership that it is unlikely to find.
First, the volume of JGBs has soared relative to Japanese household assets.
So the future in Asia now appears to belong to China, whose economic growth supports that of neighboring countries – and whose mercantilism is prevailing in the region.
There is no shortage of examples.
The elected president wants to act, but the assembly refuses to approve the necessary laws.
But the danger in a weakened democracy is not merely blocked legislation and ineffective government.
Cohabitation could very soon become a problem even in the quasi-democracy of Hong Kong, if voters there on September 12 elect a legislature hostile to Tung Chee-hwa, the territory's Beijing-anointed chief executive, later this month.
Indeed, the precedents of democratic immobility in Asia are hardly encouraging.
Indira Gandhi’s brief “emergency rule” in the 1970’s was partly the result of such institutional dysfunction.
Given these precedents, perhaps Asian policymakers should consider the merits of doing away with “cohabitation” and adopting systems where electoral victory translates into real power.
What is stoppable is the steep rise in Asia’s reliance on fossil fuels.
Both China and India can learn a lot from Japan, and both governments, fortunately, are firmly committed to increasing their energy efficiency and use of green technology.
In Singapore, regulators are developing an innovative Electricity Vending System to give 1.2 million consumers real-time price signals so that they can learn to conserve electricity during peak periods.
The G-8’s declaration that its members will reduce carbon emissions by 80% in 2050 contains no upfront commitments. And the clock is ticking.
But will Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao live up to that standard, as conveyed in the Analects of Confucius, on his current visit to India?
The sources of those tensions are clear: North Korea’s shelling of South Korea’s Yeonpyeong Island and its flaunting of a modern, previously unknown, nuclear plant; the US-led armada now cruising through the South China and Yellow Sea; and China’s claim that the South China Sea is an area of vital national interest akin to Tibet.
China’s problems arise mainly from widening income disparities, which are inciting hitherto unheard of levels of labor unrest – though this should not be viewed as a precursor to change of the sort that marked the rise of the Solidarity trade union and the end of communism in Poland.
By contrast, India’s most important national security concerns – the unsettled border between the two countries, and Beijing’s ties with Pakistan, which often operates as a Chinese surrogate – are closely connected to China: Both factors are directly linked to China’s perceived threat to India’s Himalayan territory and its rapid development of strategic infrastructure in that region.

Some even call for establishing a US-China G-2.
It resuscitated its World War II enemies and fostered economic development in countries around the world, and established a security umbrella that helped Europe and Asia focus more on diplomacy and economic growth than on military competition.
China and Japan, Japan and Korea, India and Pakistan, Singapore and Malaysia, and many other pairings of states connect on some levels, but remain dangerously divided on others.
Asia’s Inflation Trap

Export-led economies, of course, can’t take currency appreciation lightly – it undermines competitiveness and risks eroding the country’s share of the global market. It also invites destabilizing hot-money capital inflows.
So far, the Chinese leadership has adopted a measured approach to inflation.
Inflation, if not addressed now, could seriously compromise the region’s ability to meet those challenges.
Recent Chinese statements declare the islands a “core interest,” terms usually reserved for Taiwan and Tibet.
A shift of relative strategic influence and strength is discernible, especially given the rise of India and China.
The US has shown interest in a multilateral path to engagement with Asia on strategic issues.
But they also must acknowledge and attend to the post-crisis challenges facing the region as a whole.
One or several tipping points would most likely bring the process to a screeching halt.
Their growth patterns and strategies, and the tradeoffs and choices they make with respect to lifestyle, urbanization, transportation, the environment, and energy efficiency, will largely determine whether their economies can complete the long transition to advanced-income levels.
The large, high-growth emerging economies have certain advantages.
As Asians drive growth toward more sustainable patterns, they will increase the incentives for others to do so by generating new technology, lowering the environmental cost of growth, and undercutting the argument that leadership incurs competitive and other economic costs, but few benefits.
In addition, the formation of a China-Japan-South Korea FTA would most likely trigger a chain-reaction.
South Korea has already concluded an FTA with the US, after years of difficult negotiations, and plans to negotiate a bilateral FTA with China this year.
For China, political considerations seem to be the strongest motivation for pursuing a Northeast Asian FTA.
Asia’s Overlooked Great Power
Japan now spends more than $40 billion a year on defense and maintains one of the world’s most diverse and modern militaries.
On one hand, he is wise not to have visited the Yasukuni shrine, which honors millions of Japan’s war dead, including 14 Class A war criminals.
There is no reason Japan should not hold a permanent seat in the United Nations Security Council.
Abe’s visit to Washington in late April is an opportunity to continue to modernize a relationship conceived in an earlier geopolitical era.
Historically, it has been difficult to convince Asians that international trade is not a zero-sum-game, with Asia invariably the losers.
One result of this is that China and India are seeking to make a bigger impact on global economic policy.
This is of vital importance, especially in light of the fact that Asia’s populations are still booming: India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh will see an increase in the next fifteen years from 1.4 billion to 1.73 billion inhabitants, while China’s population will grow from 1.3 billion to 1.42 billion.
Yet euroatlantic introversion still permeates the WTO.
And yet the Democratic presidential candidates, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, and the Republican nominee, John McCain, continue to tiptoe around such issues.
Will you back – or back away from – free trade pacts with Asia?
He or she should start now by answering Asia’s questions.
Maintaining growth in the face of a global slowdown is a daunting task, and it requires rethinking the future of “factory Asia.”
Making Asia’s service sector more dynamic is essential to future growth.
Developing the service sector could also diversify the production base, thereby enhancing economic resilience and boosting growth momentum.
Many argue that regulations protect small domestic firms against undue competition from large foreign firms.
SEOUL – Like many regions of the world, Northeast Asia faces severe political challenges in creating a viable structure of peace.
Indeed, any breakthrough to the sort of trust needed to resolve these festering security disputes will require that the three countries establish their annual gatherings as a meaningful multilateral body in its own right – one that can address major issues in dispute and plan for a better regional future.
South Korea and China have already finished a feasibility study for a bilateral FTA, and probably will enter into formal negotiations soon.
The Short Asian Century?
Indeed, vast production chains linking businesses across countries gave the impression of a uniquely Asian superstructure. As long as the region’s economies were thriving, there was little incentive to identify – much less address – the problems facing them.
Malaysia and Thailand also face a near-existential choice between continuing on their current paths – one-party ethnocracy in Malaysia and elite/military rule in Thailand – and beginning a process of political reconciliation, aimed at bringing large, marginalized portions of their populations into the fold. So far, however, it seems that both countries’ leaders are blind to the choice facing them.
In my visit last month, the wall was adorned by a large map of Karnataka festooned with colored pins, to indicate that he now served most district capitals in the remotest parts of the state.
China has traded much investment in physical infrastructure in places otherwise shunned – Angola, Sudan, and Zimbabwe – for access to natural resources.
Consider Olam, a Singapore-headquartered but Africa-centric global agribusiness company.  From the soybean farms of Brazil’s Matto Grosso to the granaries of Ukraine, Olam is prized for its ability to add value in disparate conditions.
Asian Nationalism at Sea
In Europe, while Greeks may grumble about the terms of German backing for emergency financing, the period since World War II has seen enormous progress in knitting countries together.
Consider the Senkaku incident in 2010, when, after Japan arrested the crew of a Chinese trawler that had rammed a Japanese coast guard vessel, China escalated its economic reprisals.
In 1995, and again in 2010, the US declared that the waters of the South China Sea should be governed by the 1982 United Nations Law of the Seas Treaty (which, ironically, the US has not yet ratified), but that the US takes no position on the territorial claims.
Asia Adrift
This new emphasis on regional security is not confined to governments.
The landslide election of Shinzo Abe, who campaigned on a robust defense platform, may well lead to a serious Japanese push to invigorate the country’s military capabilities.
A country that is “unstable at the grass roots, dejected in the middle strata and out of control at the top,” as a group of Chinese scholars recently put it, may see adventurism abroad as the best means of maintaining unity at home.
The Chilean military strongman Augusto Pinochet, for example, imposed his own version of capitalism with an iron fist, and, though Margaret Thatcher and Friedrich von Hayek admired him, hardly anyone reveres him today.
There are good reasons to doubt this thesis.
It is to his credit that he made this work in Singapore, though at some cost. Singapore may be efficient, and relatively free of corruption; but it is also a rather sterile place, with little room for intellectual or artistic achievement.
इसकी प्रगति को गति देने में मदद करने के लिए, नेस्ले, कोका कोला, एसएबीमिलर, और यूनिलीवर जैसी बड़ी बहुराष्ट्रीय कंपनियाँ - जो लंबे समय से अपने निवेशकों के सामने पानी की कमी से उनके कारोबार, और निश्चित रूप से उन समुदायों के लिए ख़तरे पर ज़ोर दे रही हैं, जिनमें वे काम कर रही हैं - पानी की उपलब्धता, गुणवत्ता और स्थिरता में सुधार करने के लिए काम कर रही हैं। उनकी सफलता के लिए अभिनव रणनीति की ज़रूरत होगी जो पानी से संबंधित समस्याओं के बारे में आरोपित धारणाओं - और दृष्टिकोण - को रोकेगी।

2013 ग्लोबल हंगर इंडेक्स (जीएचआई) के अनुसार, 78 सबसे अधिक भूखे देशों में भारत का स्थान 63वाँ है, यह स्थिति उसके पड़ोसी देश श्रीलंका (43वाँ), नेपाल (49वाँ), पाकिस्तान (57वाँ) और बांग्लादेश (58वाँ) की तुलना में बहुत अधिक खराब है। पिछली चौथाई सदी में भारत में काफी सुधार होने के बावजूद – इसकी जीएचआई रेटिंग 1990 के 32.6 से बढ़कर 2013 में 21.3 हो गई है – संयुक्त राष्ट्र खाद्य और कृषि संगठन का मानना है कि 17% भारतीय अभी भी इतने अधिक कुपोषित हैं कि वे उत्पादक जीवन नहीं जी सकते। वास्तव में, दुनिया के एक-तिहाई कुपोषित लोग भारत में रहते हैं, इनकी संख्या पूरे उप-सहारा अफ्रीका से अधिक है।
इससे पूरी तस्वीर सामने नहीं आती: उदाहरण के लिए,माँस के मामले में बर्बाद होनेवाले खाद्य का अंश लगभग 4% है लेकिन यह खाद्य की लागत का 20% होता है, जबकि फल और सब्जी के उत्पादन का 70% अंश बर्बाद होता है, जो कुल लागत का 40% होता है। भले ही भारत दुनिया का सबसे बड़ा दूध उत्पादक है और फल और सब्जियों को उगाने की मात्रा की दृष्टि से (चीन के बाद) दूसरा सबसे बड़ा उत्पादक है, लेकिन यह दुनिया में सबसे अधिक खाद्य बर्बादी करने वाला देश भी है। नतीजतन, फल और सब्जियों की कीमतें जितनी अन्यथा होनी चाहिए उनसे दुगुनी हैं, और दूध की कीमत जितनी होनी चाहिए, वह उससे 50% अधिक है।
यदि खाद्य उत्पादन के 35-40% को सड़ने के लिए छोड़ दिया जाता है तो भारत के पास भारत के भावी 1.7 बिलियन लोगों को पर्याप्त पौष्टिक भोजन उपलब्ध कराने के लिए पर्याप्त कृषि योग्य भूमि, सिंचाई, या ऊर्जा नहीं होगी। इसलिए नई मोदी सरकार को भारत के खाद्य संकट को हल करने के लिए वैकल्पिक उपायों पर विचार करना चाहिए।
Nevertheless, Hugo Chávez is right to be nervous.
Venezuela ’s circle of friends in the region is shrinking.
The outcome may well be that these countries leave the OAS, and seek refuge in the new organization that they just established.
This is the period, incidentally, when the embezzler has his gain and the man who has been embezzled feels no loss.
The joy of the bezzle is that two people – each ignorant of the other’s existence and role – can enjoy the same wealth.
And the market is prone to temporary fits of shared enthusiasm – for emerging-market debt, for Internet stocks, for residential mortgage-backed securities, for Greek government debt.
And the opportunity to switch between the trading book and the banking book creates ready opportunities for financial institutions to realize gains and park losses.
The Palestinian Authority’s president, senior diplomats of the countries involved in the Palestine-Israel peace process, and the secretary general of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation all attended the two-day summit.
A new constitution, proposed by the king and adopted in a referendum in July 2011, has already generated robust political competition. Meanwhile, a new National Initiative for Human Development is helping to end poverty and social exclusion among Morocco’s most vulnerable citizens, especially women.
Morocco already provides expertise in finance, telecoms, energy, agriculture, and food security across the continent; indeed, it is now Africa’s second-largest investor, after South Africa.
This is a consistent finding of opinion polls in westernized countries.
Although Belgium recently followed the Dutch way of regulating voluntary active euthanasia in a strictly medicalized framework, it is precisely this sort of regulation that is increasingly challenged.
Recent developments in the Netherlands have also shown that euthanasia is discussed more in the context of autonomy, control, and rational choice rather than of uncontrollable medical symptoms.
My detention here is the result of being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
So, one day, in November 1999, the Tajik authorities rounded up 200-300 Uzbeks and said they were taking us back to Uzbekistan. Instead, they dumped us in Afghanistan.
The Americans now realize that I ended up here by mistake and have told me that they want to let me go.
Many factors may be pushing China’s economy in this direction.
To avoid such an internal “sovereign debt crisis,” China’s Budget Law, adopted in 1994, forbade local governments from borrowing autonomously, either by issuing bonds to the public or by getting credits from banks.
Then came the financial crisis, with the central government adopting fiscal stimulus and relaxing monetary policy.
The most important change that may keep the problem manageable is that China’s monetary authorities have been putting the brake on the growth of these debts since late last year.
Otherwise, China might already have experienced its own localized “sovereign debt” crisis and, perhaps, hyper-inflation.
Such a stalemate is not new.
Despite their hawkish approach to North Korea’s nuclear threats, South Korean officials know that uranium enrichment and spent-fuel reprocessing remains only a distant possibility. As a result, they are approaching negotiations skeptically, rather than emphasizing the sense of mutual obligation that should characterize the alliance.
They know that their cities are also vulnerable to urban violence, in so far as they have pockets of social inequality, including marginalized and excluded young people.
Yet these violent acts can be viewed as a political conflict in the sense that young people are directly challenging the state by attacking its representatives.
But all public actors, not just the police, must respond to urban problems.
BERKELEY – The party platform adopted at the Republican National Convention includes a number of remarkable planks.
But accountability by audit would carry significant risks.
So President Herbert Hoover created the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, an independent government agency, to aid illiquid but fundamentally sound banks.
Can we trust politicians to understand and respect this, especially in an election year? It is no coincidence that the demand by Congress for the list of RFC loans occurred in 1932, also a presidential election year.
Many inside and outside of Germany declare that both austerity and more growth are needed, and that more emphasis on growth does not mean any decrease in austerity.
Second, it is possible, though not easy, to choose fiscal-consolidation packages that are more growth-friendly than others.
Countries like Germany that are running a current-account surplus would also help themselves by helping to stimulate the European economy as a whole.
What we are witnessing – and what is now affecting the whole world – is a man-made disaster that can be stopped and reversed by a coordinated policy response.
Of course, there is an appealing logic to saying that governments should have to balance their budgets just like the rest of us; unfortunately, it is not so simple.
But it is wrong to think that massive accumulation of debt is a free lunch.
Moreover, carrying a huge debt burden runs the risk that global interest rates will rise in the future, even absent a Greek-style meltdown.
Some see another Weimar moment, reminiscent of the belt-tightening and surging unemployment that characterized Heinrich Brüning’s Germany and helped to bring the Nazis to power.
Then there is the most fundamental – and hence easily overlooked – difference of all.
These differences were not trivial.
Indeed, the political turmoil caused by the crisis has broken the back of the old two-party system.
But it does illustrate how rapidly in early twenty-first-century Europe democracy has been undermined through the endless application of the economics of austerity, and by the failure of political leadership at home and abroad.
In Britain back then, Philip Snowden, a small man with a narrow, pinched face, who needed a cane to walk, seemed to want to remake the British economy in his physical image.
As a result, fiscal consolidation appeared to be the only way to restore confidence.
The balanced budget thus allowed Britain to have a strong recovery, ensuring that the 1930’s were a much better decade for the British economy than the 1920’s had been.
Greece in the spring of 2010 sent a wake-up call to Great Britain.
A review of policy discussions from 314 IMF country reports published since 2010 – part of a comprehensive update on the global shift toward austerity – shows that many adjustment measures are most prevalent in developing countries, where citizens are especially vulnerable to austerity’s economic and social consequences.
They must recognize that austerity will not help them to achieve their development goals.
Selama beberapa tahun terakhir saya sering membaca dan menyukai tulisan Krauthammer, namun ada satu hal dalam buku beliau yang menurut saya sangat meresahkan: cara beliau menggambarkan dirinya sebagai seorang “agnostik” perubahan iklim.
Tentunya masih ada penolakan, contohnya Perdana Menteri Australia Tony Abbott, yang menggantikan pajak karbon (carbon tax) dengan rencana memungut pajak dari warga negaranya untuk membayar pencemar agar mengurangi emisi. Sebagai suatu kebijakan, gagasan ini tidak adil, tidak efisien, dan tidak mungkin bisa menurunkan emisi pada laju yang cukup untuk memenuhi persyaratan perjanjian internasional tentang perubahan iklim yang diharapkan bisa dicapai di Paris bulan Desember nanti.
NEW YORK – The times we live in are often most clearly reflected in the mirror of art.
Everything in this new China – where the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) still rules, but the ideas of Karl Marx are as dead as they are in Russia – is for sale, even the trappings of its Maoist past.
Judges are bought or intimidated to ensure that bosses remain above the law.
This great twentieth century myth has now been shattered.
Leviathan, by contrast, has been submitted as the official Russian entry for the Oscars.
I was punched and kicked as the police looked the other way.
On the contrary, one of them has been promoted to command the newly formed (and US-funded) Jakarta Anti-Terror Unit.
Given such flawed proceedings, my conviction and prison sentence come as no surprise. But I remain hopeful that we will prevail in the end, when higher courts hear Tempo's appeal.
Two parliamentary elections and two direct presidential elections - including the latest presidential run-off - have been free, fair, and peaceful, proving that Islam and democracy can coexist.
Most people do not seem to think very hard about how much to save from their income, or about how big the differences in their wealth could be in their later years if they just adjusted their saving rate today.
Thoughtful leaders recognize that the problem is there and tangible, not to be ignored.
Nevertheless, according to Brigitte Madrian of Harvard University, automatic enrollment in savings plans is critically important, even if the employee is completely free to drop out.
The fundamental problem is that while some people postpone saving for sensible reasons, and will resume saving later, many others fail to save for no good reason, and are unlikely to make up for it later.
And, in the years since the 2008 global financial crisis, these countries’ overall economic growth has been meager, too – just 4% or less on average.
One explanation is that employment in the years before the crisis was being propped up by credit-fueled demand.
In that sense, productivity rose in the tradable sector, although structural shifts in the global economy were surely as important as employees becoming more efficient at doing the same things.
Then the Internet became generally available, businesses reorganized themselves and their global supply chains, and productivity accelerated.
While their stated aim was to save the euro, the government leaders involved did exactly the opposite, producing increased nervousness and volatility in financial markets, which in turn exacerbated Ireland’s problems.
But the fundamental change of strategy within Germany’s European policy can no longer be overlooked.
Staggered alignment of economic and social policies (such as the legal retirement age), new balancing schemes (euro bonds as a transfer instrument), and an effective stability mechanism are all needed to preserve the common currency.
Both countries together, however, must inaugurate the step towards economic union, which requires that both governments actually want that.
I also believe that just as an individual’s dreams and slips of the tongue reveal his or her repressed knowledge, so a culture’s “dreamwork” – its films, pop music, visual arts, and even in the resonant jokes, cartoons and advertising images – reveal the signs of this collective unconscious.
When the villain, the American military leader of the attack, plans to bomb flat the indigenous people’s sacred tree, he boasts that he will blow such a massive hole in their “racial memory” that they won’t come “within a thousand clicks” of the place again.
The indigenous people are an amalgam of echoes from all the great wars of empire that have troubled the recent American conscience.
But, in the case of Avatar , the power of American filmmaking has for once been directed toward American self-knowledge rather than American escapism.
The sharing economy also boosts entrepreneurship, as people see new ways to fill gaps in the market.
TaskRabbit, which subcontracts household jobs like assembling Ikea furniture, requires participants to pay a minimum wage, and has launched an insurance scheme to protect its US workers.
None of this will be easy.
MUNICH – Carlos Barientos III was born at 6:45 on the evening of December 31, 1964, a few miles northwest of Honolulu.
By contrast, Barientos and the other boomers of 1964 grew up playing video games and listening to disco music – or, if their tastes were closer to those of Barientos, the heavier sounds of Gary Moore, Thin Lizzy, and Van Halen.
Not that Barientos would swap places with his father.
I went to Maryland to visit a friend for two weeks and ended up staying five years because I loved it so much.”
Back to Afghanistan
Security, too, remains a serious concern.
At the national level, the government recently approved a new development strategy that goes far to advance a vision for Afghanistan’s future stability and growth.
Currently, the judiciary is incapable of trying a case of petty theft much less of ensuring human rights.
NEWPORT BEACH – What if members of the United States Congress, now returning from their summer recess, were to receive a “back to school” letter from concerned citizens? Here is what a first draft might look like.
China, once the world’s unstoppable growth engine, is slowing.
According to the latest NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, your support among us, the electorate, stands at just 12%.
·         Fiscal reform: We desperately need you to eliminate the looming fiscal cliff in the context of medium-term reforms of both the tax system and entitlements.
·         Global policy coordination: America’s traditional leadership role has evaporated in recent years as our problems have made us more insular and inward-looking.
The campaign for Ukraine’s parliamentary election of September 30th is scarcely underway and yet Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych is already trying to steal it.
Recent history is replete with alarming examples of dictators and would be dictators who refuse to recognize when their time has run out.
So other pressure will need to be applied, primarily by the European Union and the United States.
However, it will make the job of repressing them much harder.
But in the history of international finance over the past sixty years, bankruptcy and default are almost unheard of.
Such a system worked as long as events in one country did not have a negative impact on other borrowers and there was no systemic risk or systemic contagion.
Instead of defaulting, countries arranged rescue packages with the IMF.
The second major shock came with Argentina's currency collapse of 2002-3, after which Argentina's government demanded an extremely large debt write-off.
Without question the most successful central banker of the twentieth century, Volcker was an early and persistent voice warning of the problems of what he called “the bright new financial system.”
Then, as now, many people demanded some punishment for the banks and bankers.
But, unfortunately, the most obvious way for banks to increase their capital ratios is to curtail their lending.
But, whereas we only recently learned that financial behemoths create financial instability, foreign-exchange markets for a long time were characterized by volatility and uncertainty.
Moreover, Kazakhstan, though a Muslim majority country, has established the type of secular, multi-ethnic, and multi religious polity that the West is seeking to encourage throughout the Muslim world.
Its selection to lead the OSCE is seen as a reward for President Nursultan Nazarbayev’s policy of engagement with the West.
Moreover, Kazakhstan is already in formal talks with the EU about human rights issues.
Back to the Politics of Cultural Despair
For many, the alternative to capitalism and globalization is an idyllic image of a “European social model,” which no one has yet defined.
In a different way, this is true of Italy as well.
A sense of frustration that results from anti-capitalist, anti-globalization sentiment leads to a lethal combination of Arcadian dreams (“France to the French”) and the reality of ruthless, if seductive, leaders on the right (Jean-Marie Le Pen in France) and the left (Oskar Lafontaine and his new party in Germany).
The US was “exporting inflation.”
Back then, international monetary diplomacy focused on creating a new form of international reserves, what became the International Monetary Fund’s Special Drawing Rights.
While the IMF, in a high-profile report on exchange rates in mid-1970, endorsed the principle of greater flexibility, it offered no new ideas for getting countries to move in this direction and proposed no new sanctions against countries that resisted.
PARIS – France no longer claims center stage in world history, but it remains influential beyond its national borders.
Democracy is about normal citizens electing normal men and women to lead them for a limited period according to established rules.
In other words, one-third of French voters are now attracted to candidates with extreme ideologies that share an anti-liberal rejection of the euro, capitalism, and globalization.
Indeed, both Hollande and Sarkozy represented those adapted to globalization and viewed the rest as a reservoir of voters to be seduced, not as a new underclass.
The cultural rights of the large Kurdish minority, including the right to use their own language, had advanced greatly.
If the process leading to EU accession is put back on track, it will greatly aid the effort to ensure that Turkey becomes an open society.
As a role model for the region, it is especially important that Turkey should practice press freedom.
We gritted our teeth and for the sake of our national economies supported our governments as they bailed out the banks with public money.
Ibrahim has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa.
It is not as though Africa lacked resources or the ability to govern itself well.
As Spike Mulligan was unable to discover for himself, money really can make people happier, producing a more just world with greater opportunity for the poor and disadvantaged.
But its basic approach remained critically flawed. First, it relied – once again – on trickle-down economics: somehow, throwing enough money at Wall Street would trickle down to Main Street, helping ordinary workers and homeowners.
Even if a bailout plan were implemented quickly – which appears increasingly unlikely – there would be some credit contraction.
This approach is not only proven, but it also provides both the incentives and wherewithal needed for lending to resume. It avoids the hopeless task of trying to value millions of complex mortgages and the even more complex financial products in which they are embedded, and it deals with the “lemons” problem – the government gets stuck with the worst or most overpriced assets.
But turning them over to the government at market value doesn’t improve banks’ balance sheet; to do that requires overpaying for the assets, a transfer of wealth from ordinary taxpayers to the banks..
Debt-Friendly Stimulus
This kind of enlightened stimulus runs into strong prejudices.
If individuals were rational and well informed, they might conclude that they should not spend more, despite tax cuts, since the cuts are not real.
But that should be okay, especially if we all have jobs.
Balancing Asia\u0027s Rivals
But that was true for much of the Cold War, when they frequently talked past each other.
Trade between India and American is increasing, and reached $26 billion (11% of India’s total trade) in 2006.
The two countries’ recent rapprochement marks a considerable change from the hostility that bedeviled their relations following their 1962 war over a disputed border in the Himalayas.
Balancing China’s High Savings
It runs a trade deficit only when it invests a lot while simultaneously not limiting consumption.
Rather, savings should be channeled even more – and more efficiently – to domestic investment in order to avoid large external imbalances.
China must recognize that high savings will not provide stable growth over the long run.
It is against this backdrop that I find welcome this weekend’s announcement by a group of major economies acknowledging their shared responsibility for the orderly resolution of global imbalances while sustaining robust growth.
This is the first time such plans have been presented together.
The aim of multilateral consultation was not to seek to solve imbalances in one fell swoop, but rather to solidify agreement on a medium-term approach that could reduce imbalances gradually over time.
I wrote those words with the French political scientist Jacques Rupnik in 1991, just as war was breaking out among Yugoslavia’s successor states.
In particular, they criticized the EU, NATO, and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe for describing the upsurge in violence as a series of “isolated incidents.”
Similar sentiments are evident in Bosnia, and even in Croatia, an EU member since 2013.
Ever-closer ties with Europe remain the best way forward for the region’s residents and the EU alike.
Yet Ban has inspired global confidence in his leadership to the point of securing an uncontested and unanimous second mandate.
It is a workload that boggles the mind, and demands the round-the-clock commitment of the Secretary-General and his team.
Far too little has been accomplished since, and, behind the scenes, Ban is working relentlessly to clear the bottlenecks and avert climate disaster.
It is a story of decency, commitment, and generosity that has won global confidence, and that can help to guide the world at a time of unprecedented risks and unique opportunities.
इसके अलावा हैती के स्वास्थ्य मंत्रालय तथा पैन-अमेरिक��� हेल्थ ऑर्गनाइजेशन/विश्व स्वास्थ्य संगठन मिलकर एक व्यापक टीकाकरण अभियान के द्वितीय चरण की शुरूआत कर रहे हैं. संयुक्त राष्ट्र द्वारा वित्तपोषित इस अभियान में उन इलाकों के छह लाख लोगों को हैजा के टीके लगाए जाएंगे जहां इस बीमारी का सर्वाधिक प्रकोप है. दो लाख लोगों को अगले कुछ महिनों में तथा तीन लाख लोगों को इस साल के अंत तक टीके लगाए जाएंगे. पिछले साल प्रथम चरण के दौरान एक लाख लोगों को प्रतिरोधात्मक टीके लगाए गए थे.

In Darfur, he managed to get African Union peacekeepers into Sudan’s killing zone in his first year in office through intensive behind-the-scenes diplomacy.
He has regularly defended the Palestinians’ rights to a state, but he also condemned Hamas’s rocket attacks on southern Israel.
In his own way, though, he is an engaging, polite man, hip to contemporary cultural icons, and even given to singing at public occasions with wry lyrics and verses.
Is Bangladesh headed into the black hole that consumed Afghanistan under the Taliban? Fears are mounting, as official and fundamentalist religious forces now seem to operate with impunity – and the apparent support of local police, the ruling Bangladeshi National Party, and local authorities.
In 1999, Huji members attempted to assassinate the moderate poet Shamshur Rahman with an axe.
The atmosphere of violence is palpable in other ways.
Pressure from India will not be enough to force the Bengali government to adhere to the tolerant form of Islam that the country pursued during its first three decades of independence.
This can be achieved through a program for subsistence farmers that not only improves productivity, but also reduces weather dependency and provides simple financing instruments to encourage investment in new technologies and equipment, increased land ownership, and easier access to local markets.
As part of an FAO project in Burkina Faso, the EU’s Food Facility has helped to provide high-quality seeds to 100,000 vulnerable farmers, benefiting roughly 700,000 people amid the growing food crisis in the Sahel region.
But problems at the top of the food system must be addressed as well.
Since then, countries around the world have made their central banks independent.
The Fed does not keep a voting record, but “dissents” from its major decisions are noted (these were almost unheard of when Alan Greenspan was Chairman, but have since become more common).
Central banks may have been independent vis-à-vis their countries’ governments, but internally it was very difficult to stray from the party line.
Another post, published in July, explicitly challenged the BoE’s “official” view that as the economy recovers, we can expect non-financial companies to begin to run down their cash balances to fund investment.
Unfortunately, today’s debates about banking reform have just this character.
Yes, the principle of regulating bank capital seems sensible.
A typical bank exam would include scrutiny of every single business loan and a large proportion of consumer loans.
Limits on borrowing that make it difficult to earn an adequate return on equity encourage banks to load up on riskier, high-profit-margin loans – and requiring banks to hold more capital for supposedly riskier categories of assets exacerbates the problem.
We can no longer afford to rely on old-fashioned examination for mega-banks loaded with mass-produced risks.
With the onset of the European sovereign-debt crisis in 2010, banks’ appetite for public debt fell again.
Of course, integrated financial markets also benefit banks’ clients by enabling institutions to provide broader and higher-quality financial services at lower prices.
But regulation could change that.
CHICAGO – The biggest financial nightmare looming over the world economy is the insolvency of a large international bank.
This institution should be an international version of the US Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Code.
Takeover by an international organization has three advantages over a domestic solution.
First, rigid rules that wipe out shareholders and penalize long-term creditors are a clear deterrent from bankers’ point of view.
Bank of America performed poorly on the US Federal Reserve’s financial stress tests, and regulators criticized Goldman Sachs’ and JPMorgan Chase’s financing plans, leading both to lower their planned dividends and share buybacks.
New studies, including important ones from the International Monetary Fund and the US Government Accountability Office, do indeed show that the long-term boost afforded to too-big-to-fail banks like Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, and Bank of America is declining from its pre-crisis high. This is good news.
The banks know that they will receive more business if they run their trading desks from the part of their corporate group that has the strongest government backing.
So, in 2006, a revised version of the law was enacted, marking an important milestone in China’s efforts to build an effective legal system as it moves towards a market economy.
In order for this part of the law to go ahead, the Supreme People’s Court issued judicial interpretations that set out who can be designated a company receiver and the amount and type of compensation they can be paid.
How can an enterprise being restructured, say, find a way to issue securities for financing if it cannot meet conventional standards such as profitability and net asset value, as required by the Company Law and the Securities Law? The law must contain specific provisions regarding such matters in order to ensure successful listing of restructuring firms.
The aftermath of the banking crisis requires thinking about not only the most appropriate form of banking legislation, but also the appropriate size of the state.
Second, it lends itself much more effectively to long-term strategic thinking about the overall direction of the national, or even the international, economy.
There was a competitive race across the Atlantic and – to a lesser extent – the Pacific.
When the strategy goes wrong, the recriminations begin.
Following the Six-Day War, Israel did not consider the conquered lands as something to be traded for peace, and thus induce the Arab world and the Palestinians to recognize its legitimacy and ensure the demilitarization of Palestinian territories after their restitution.
Indeed, a substantial number of them don’t even recognize the Israeli state’s legal authority.
But, despite past US administrations’ opportunity to make their influence felt, they preferred to permit Israel, an allied, friendly state, to do what it wanted.
An article in The Far Eastern Economic Review proclaims that “Wall Street’s crack-up presages a global tectonic shift: the beginning of the decline of American power.”
Crises often refute conventional wisdom, and this one reveals that the underlying strength of the American economy remains impressive.
It also includes new challenges like pandemics and climate change.
In 2001, a non-state group killed more Americans than the government of Japan killed at Pearl Harbor.
Fortunately, Barack Obama understands that.
The silent majority is ready to be convinced that there is life after Bush.
In fact, African-Americans do not fully support him.
The world needs a more modest and confident America.
In the same vein, Obama’s pledge to “renew those institutions that extend our capacity to manage crises abroad” was hailed as another telling sign that Obama’s views coincide with Europe’s.
The hard truth is that the US remains reluctant to trade its sovereignty for multilateral solutions.
Obama’s silence with regard to multilateral efforts to combat global warming is notable.
Of course, Russian diplomacy has performed extremely well recently, but it does not stand on its own merits alone.
Carter was a somewhat bland engineer, whereas Obama is a charismatic lawyer.
The agreement on Syria’s chemical weapons struck by Russia and the US could one day be remembered as a spectacular breakthrough in the field of arms control.
“My fellow Americans, the Founders had the wisdom to guarantee our freedoms in many ways.
“Third, we must have a special prosecutor to prosecute the culpable.
So half of incoming American college students don’t know what our democracy is, let alone how to defend it when it is threatened.
That means not only recognizing the vital link between his policies and today’s problems, but also ensuring that what should be preserved is not sacrificed in the rush to efface his memory.
Moreover, instead of eliminating Qaddafi’s highly politicized judicial system – for example, separate courts, administered by the revolutionary committees, could try any Libyan without due process – his successors have embraced it.
Qaddafi thus took the first step – intentional or not – toward creating a modern nation-state.
Libya’s leaders – and their Western benefactors – have no choice but to consider and address the effects of Qaddafi’s legacy on public attitudes and official behavior.
But despite restrictions, by 2005 Germany had absorbed 37% of all migrants from Eastern Europe that came before and after eastern EU enlargement, whereas Italy had absorbed 22%, Greece 11%, Switzerland 8%, and the UK only 3%.
As migrants move between markets with well-defined property rights, immigration in principle is beneficial for both the immigrants and the target country.
In Italy, the share is just 11% – the lowest in the available statistics.
This may reflect the high interchange in both directions between the Anglo-Saxon countries, or replacement migration in which skilled people arrive from elsewhere as the domestic skilled migrate to other Anglo-Saxon countries.
If their export revenues were to plunge relative to their debt-service obligations, the result could be crises reminiscent of Latin America’s in 1982 or the Asian and Russian currency crises of 1997-1998.
So, why has it not been tried before? When one asks finance ministers in commodity-exporting debtor countries, they frequently reply that they fear insufficient demand for commodity bonds.
Instead of denominating a loan to Nigeria in terms of dollars, the Bank would denominate it in terms of the price of oil and lay off its exposure to the world oil price by issuing that same quantity of bonds denominated in oil.
The World Bank should take up the cause.
The perceived lack of leadership from the Commission at this time of deepening economic gloom is just the tip of the iceberg.
But the bottom line is that at a time when everyone is asking, “What is Europe doing?”, the Commission’s responses have seemed inadequate.
EU governments have wanted a pliable Commission, but now the cost could be the death of the “community method” that protects the EU against national frictions.
There is no question that the crisis left the country unable to service its debts.
The vultures showed no scruples in profiting at the expense of Argentine taxpayers.
As for borrowing in European currencies, Griesa was quick to declare that his rulings would cover such bonds as well.
Why didn’t it happen sooner? The answer is that getting investors to agree is like herding cats.
Both announcements were greeted with great acclaim.
Thus, by permitting two clearing banks to access renminbi onshore, Chinese officials are effectively subsidizing their London and Frankfurt operations and encouraging direct sterling and euro trades.
Thus, the decision to designate renminbi clearing banks in London and Frankfurt is, in effect, one more step by China to foster the emergence of an international monetary system with several global currencies, not just one.
In the past, demand for such assets has been fed by the expectation that the renminbi will continue to appreciate.
The question is whether Stein’s new view is justified.
That leaves the question of how to detect the existence of excesses, and the question of what, exactly, to do about them.
Inevitably, the answers are colored by the United States’ experience in 1929, when the Fed tightened policy in response to what it perceived as excesses on Wall Street, only to plunge the economy into the Great Depression.
The implication is clear: Central banks should focus on developing more effective macro-prudential instruments.
And the United States has displayed no willingness to renounce its anachronistic privilege of nominating the World Bank’s president.
Moreover, there already is a proliferation of regional development banks, from the Inter-American Development Bank and the Asian Development Bank to the more modestly capitalized African Development Bank.
But the other members will hesitate to lend more than token amounts, especially if there are repayment doubts.
So much, then, for the CRA as an alternative to the IMF. And, if inclusion of that provision was not revealing enough, then there is the fact that the BRICS’ commitments to the CRA are expressed in US dollars.
There are still a few countries with worrisomely large surpluses and deficits.
Financing for America’s current-account deficit would dry up.
The renminbi, meanwhile, strengthened, reflecting Chinese residents’ increased desire to consume.
But will there be a next time? A couple of years ago, forecasters were confident that global imbalances would reemerge once the crisis passed.
TOKYO – As the Third Plenum of the 18th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party convenes in Beijing, China stands at a crossroads.
They also appreciate the need to build a social safety net and strengthen rural property rights.
Just as Chinese industrialization is unprecedented – no developing country has grown by more than 10% per year without interruption for two full decades – Britain’s industrialization 200 years ago was similarly unparalleled.
In the face of considerable controversy, assistance continued to be provided without requiring the poor to enter oppressive workhouses.
China may regard the nineteenth-century experience of a windswept island off the northwest coast of Europe as an odd source of inspiration.
In 1834, the Speenhamland system was replaced by the New Poor Law, which confined relief to workhouses, under conditions sufficiently odious to force people back into the labor market.
Or, to put it another way: the market-clearing wage was unable to provide a living income for 38% of working families.
After all, one prediction on which we can confidently rely is that automation will make increasingly large inroads into the world of human work.
But the idea has always fallen foul of two objections: societies are too poor to afford it, and it would be a disincentive to work.
Indeed, as industrial production migrates to East Asia and innovation remains in North America, Europe risks losing its position in the most attractive international markets.
Russians accuse Europeans of taking too long to liberalize visas, blocking Russian energy companies’ access to Europe’s downstream markets, instigating anti-Russian sentiment in the post–Soviet era, and trying to interfere in Russia’s domestic politics.
But curtailing social programs in both Europe and Russia would jeopardize human capital, their most valuable comparative advantage.
Likewise, launching initial public offerings on European stock exchanges has strengthened Russian corporations’ governance, social responsibility, and treatment of minority shareholders.
He was accustomed to good fortune, for his huntsmen took precautions.
Just as the glory of the French Revolution ended in the Terror, so Eastern Europe’s miracle year of 1989 ended in blood.
The rest is well-known history.
Everyone on the square and everyone watching on national TV saw clearly. The emperor had no clothes.
I could understand the poets, students, dissidents, and allegedly disaffected government officials.
Beating the Drug-War Addiction
And, with the US continuing to be the world’s largest market for illegal drugs, its leaders’ focus on the drug war in Latin America does not appear misguided, at least not on the surface.
South America’s southern cone – especially Argentina and Chile – has not been immune to the vast expansion of organized crime, money laundering, and demand for narcotics elsewhere in the region.
Strong global demand, owing to emerging economies like China, has undoubtedly fueled some of the price increase.
Moreover, it is relatively easy to postpone lowering oil consumption.
The root problem is that financial markets can now mobilize tens of billions of dollars for speculative purposes.
Given lack of storage capacity, this could quickly lower prices and burn speculators.
So, one reason countries do not like capital inflows is that it means more domestic demand “leaks” outside.
Unfortunately, though, so long as some countries like China, Germany, Japan, and the oil exporters pump surplus goods into the world economy, not all countries can trim their spending to stay within their means.
All this creates distortions that delay adjustment – exchange rates are too low in emerging markets, slowing their move away from exports, while the ease with which the US government is being financed creates little incentive for US politicians to reduce spending over the medium term.
India’s willingness to spend when everyone else is attempting to sell and save entails risks that need to be carefully managed.
The wall of money unleashed by the ECB just before Christmas should be seen as a measure matching that commitment.
Sooner or later, the banks will use the cash.
This should not come as a surprise.
Most new revelations about Pakistan's nuclear scandal focus on the clandestine supply of uranium enrichment technology to Iran, North Korea, and Libya by the celebrated bomb-maker Dr. A. Q. Khan.
Dr. Khan's televised confession and acceptance of sole responsibility for proliferation activities has done nothing to reduced suspicion that there is more here than meets the eye, and of the Pakistani military's complicity in proliferation.
Yet his public confession and apology are unlikely to end the matter.
Imagine, for example, the horrific situation consequences ofarising from an atomic explosion in some American city.
BEIJING – In a few weeks, Beijing will implement a city-wide ban on smoking in all indoor public spaces, such as restaurants and offices, as well as on tobacco advertising outdoors, on public transportation, and in most forms of media.
But they have done little to reduce smoking, owing not only to weak enforcement, but also to the prevailing view, held by 75% of Chinese adults, that smoking does not cause serious harm.
Given that e-cigarettes merely heat a nicotine solution to produce an inhalable vapor, they release none of the carcinogenic tar of cigarette smoke, making them the ideal nicotine-delivery system for smokers seeking – or being forced – to reduce or halt their tobacco intake.
As Huang explains, if more officials turn to e-cigarettes, ordinary people might be inspired to follow suit.
Indeed, some 70% of all Hong Kong-listed companies have a Caribbean registry, and even a number of major mainland companies, including the Internet giant Alibaba, are registered in offshore tax havens.
He long touted the motto, “I don’t do anything against China’s interest, and I don’t say anything that may hurt China’s reputation.”
Unlike most of Hong Kong’s tycoons, who are considered excessively focused on political expedience, Li is viewed as a person of strong conscience and thus worthy of considerable respect.
Li, an avid reader of world history and literature, has apparently not taken to heart the lesson that so many Chinese have learned, through great personal tragedies, since 1949.
Finally, Bernanke claimed that “the growth fundamentals of the United States do not appear to have been permanently altered by the shocks of the past four years.”
As a result, the Depression did not cast a shadow on future growth – or, rather, the shadow was overwhelmed by the blinding floodlights of five years of mobilization for total war against Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan.
As a result, America would not just end this episode 3% poorer than it might have been; the gap would grow – to 7% by 2035 and 11% by 2055.
For the Kenyan authorities, it was the final straw after a series of abductions of Westerners by al-Shabaab; to stop the incursions, they launched what military leaders believed would be a quick campaign.
Beyond preventing Somalia’s violence from spilling over into Kenya and undermining its security and its tourist-driven economy, such a buffer state could be forced to absorb the half-million Somali refugees who now live in Dadaab’s refugee camps.
In fact, Kenya-backed Jubaland forces clashed with Somali government troops in Kismayo earlier this year.
Two recent events demonstrate what is at stake.
After all, the only conflict so far in which authorities have lost control of sensitive nuclear materials was the Georgia-Abkhazia War in the 1990s, when unknown forces seized a small amount of highly enriched uranium from a research institute.
In the event of the regime’s collapse – a distinct possibility – it would be difficult to prevent the diversion of its assets, or even the use of its weapons.
Instead of waiting for a major development to force hurried action, the world’s major powers should engage in a full-throated debate to determine the best approach to address nuclear risks in volatile countries, seeking ways to cooperate whenever necessary.
This naturally prompts questions about whether Iran is using the current round of negotiations as a façade for an ongoing effort to develop nuclear weapons.
Likewise, in January 2006, following the collapse of negotiations with European emissaries, Iran broke the IAEA seals on the Natanz facility’s equipment and storage areas.
On December 19, 2003, Libya formally renounced all WMD efforts.
And, given the stakes, any international agreement with Iran must come with an assured response to cheating, including military action.
Another defining event in 1989 was the Tiananmen Square massacre of pro-democracy protestors in Beijing.
More broadly, the emblematic defeat of Marxism in 1989 allowed Asian countries, including China and India, to pursue capitalist policies overtly.
Of course, not all post-1989 developments were positive.
And the subsequent “color revolutions” in places like Ukraine only instilled greater caution among the surviving authoritarian regimes, prompting them to implement measures to counter foreign-inspired democratization initiatives.
In September 2009, The Guardian published an article about a company, Quinta Communications SA, owned by a Tunisian-born entrepreneur and long-time business associate of Berlusconi, Tarak Ben Ammar.
They express concern at the “frequently non-transparent” business dealings between the two countries, and allege that many of Berlusconi’s “business cronies” are deeply involved in Russia’s energy strategy.
Beneath a map of Cold War Europe, the then-entrepreneur boasts about the successes of his companies.
To enhance the credibility of public finances, Monti’s government substantially increased taxes, particularly on real estate, while preserving the already record-high income-tax rate.
The real battle, therefore, is between the Bersani and Berlusconi coalitions.
Italians already shoulder heavy taxes: an individual taxpayer with annual income of €50,000 pays €15,000 in income tax; with two children, that total drops by only €1,000.
More broadly, the outcome of Italy’s election will undoubtedly have a far-reaching impact on a still-fragile eurozone, though the nature of that impact remains impossible to predict – unless Berlusconi returns to power, in which case the consequences will be all too clear.
Critics insist that QE is the beginning of the end of the global financial system, if not of civilization itself.
It does not want to rush, because the US economy is still weak, with first-quarter growth a lackluster 1.8%.
However, perhaps not wanting to cause problems for his foreign counterparts, Bernanke took a more cautious approach, merely defending the Fed’s policy as the right choice for America.
But his response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing.
So what went wrong? The answer, as is often the case, depends on which economist you ask.
They argue that there is little evidence that monetary policy will ever restore full prosperity.
Those are words worth considering the next time we find ourselves needing the courage to act.
Capital flight, interest-rate spikes, declining private investment, and a collapse in the value of the dollar – all of these are likely should financial markets lose confidence in a Fed chairman.
He has already guided the Fed through two very tumultuous years with only one major mistake – the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers.
As conceived in Islamic political thought, a caliphate, unlike a conventional nation-state, is not subject to fixed borders.
A fairly enigmatic figure, he has a higher degree in Islamic studies, and is a gifted strategist and orator.
The second factor is the Islamic State’s ability to secure sufficient support.
बीजिंग. लगभग 10 करोड़ चीनी घोर गरीबी में जीवन यापन करते हैं और मोटे तौर पर साढ़े 27 करोड़ आबादी रोजाना 2 डालर से कम खर्च कर पाती है. चीन में गरीब लोगों की ज्यादातर आबादी देहाती इलाकों में रहती है. इस उम्मीद में कि शहरों में अच्छे वेतन वाले काम पाना आसान है. गरीबों का शहरों की ओर पलायन जारी है कि शहरों में उनका जीवन बेहतर हो जाएगा. वस्तुतः पिछले करीब साढ़े तीन दशक से लगभग 50 करोड़ चीनी आबादी शहरों में आकर बस गई है. इससे जहां 1980 के दशक चीन की कुल आबादी में शहरी आबादी की तादाद 20 प्रतिशत से भी कम थी वहीं अब यह लगभग आधी, यानी 50 फीसद हो गई है.
चीन के प्राधिकारियों को इस समस्या का आभास है. इसलिए उन्होंने नए ‘जनोन्मुखि’ शहरीकरण मॉडल की शुरूआत की है जो ज्यादा कारगर, समावर्ती और प्रर्यावरण की दृष्टि से ज्यादा निर्वहनीय होगा. हाल ही में विश्व बैंक और चीन की राज्य परिषद् के विकास अनुसंधान केंद्र द्वारा जारी संयुक्त रिपोर्ट में बताया गया है कि इस योजना को अमली जामा कैसे पहनाया जाएगा. इसके सफलतापूर्वक किर्यान्वयन से चीन के शहरीकरण के अगले दौर में निश्चित ही गरीबों की जिंदगी में काफी सुधार आएगा.


वास्तव में, उभरती अर्थव्यवस्थाओं में आधारिक संरचना निवेश के वित्तपोषण में मुख्य चुनौती यह है कि बहुत से वाणिज्य बैंक (मुख्यतः यूरोपीय) जिनकी पहले उल्लेखनीय उपस्थिति थी अब पीछे हट गए हैं – और जब तक वे अपने संकटग्रस्त तुलन-पत्रों को दुरुस्त करके कठोर विनियामक मा���कों को पूरा न कर लें, उनके वापस आने की संभावना नहीं है।
और आज के आर्थिक वातावरण में निजी वित्त को आकर्षित करना अनिवार्य है क्योंकि ऐसा कोई और आसान तरीका नहीं है जिससे सार्वजनिक निधियों से आधारिक संरचना के अंतराल को भरा जा सके। ऐसा करने के लिए उचित नियंत्रण, पूर्वानुमेय मूल्य संरचनाओं और एक विश्वसनीय विनियामक वातावरण को सुनिश्चित करना भी आवश्यक होगा।
The Copenhagen Consensus Center, of which I am director, recently asked 60 teams of economists to evaluate the benefits and costs of these proposed targets, which will come into force to replace the Millennium Development Goals in September.
When these factors are weighed against the benefits in monetary terms, each dollar spent ending extreme poverty with cash transfers would achieve about $5 worth of social value.
Such migration would also be good for the developing countries, because migrant workers send home remittances.
For every dollar spent, mostly to pay off Western farmers blocking the current negotiations, the world would achieve more than $2,000 of benefits, making free trade a phenomenal investment.
Will the inexorable rise in medical costs around the world someday pose a major challenge to contemporary capitalism? I submit that in the not-so-distant future, moral, social, and political support for capitalism will be severely tested as would-be egalitarian health systems face ever-rising costs.
But as health expenses start taking up a third of national income, healthcare socialism starts becoming just plain Marxism: to each according to his needs.
Some drug researchers predict that with continuing advances in understanding the human genome, doctors may eventually be able to predict illnesses 15-20 years in advance, and begin prophylactic treatment immediately.
Ultimately, the evidence suggests that societies spend ever-larger fractions of their income on health over time, in contrast to food expenditures, for example, which fall as countries become wealthier.
My recent study with Jacopo Carmassi, Time to Set Banking Regulation Right, shows that by permitting excessive leverage and risk-taking by large international banks – in some cases allowing banks to accumulate total liabilities up to 40, or even 50, times their equity capital – the Basel banking rules not only enabled, but, ironically, intensified the crisis.
In order to overcome these shortcomings in international banking regulations, three remedies are needed.
There would also be no need for special restrictions on banking activities and operations.
But this does not guarantee that future drops will have a similar outcome. On the contrary, the future real value of our homes is fundamentally uncertain.
But the tools needed to hedge such risks should be made available to everyone.
For example, the derivative markets should create an environment that encourages insurers to develop home equity insurance, which insures homeowners not just against a bust but also against drops in the market value of the home.
They will be able to leave the game of real estate speculation to professionals and rest assured about the value that they have accumulated in their homes.
This enormous subsidy to American taxpayers is, in many ways, the world’s largest foreign aid program.
Overall, after almost 25 years of stunning prosperity, punctuated by only two mild recessions, most Americans feel pretty confident about their economic situation.
Of course, it takes two to tango.
Nuclear terrorism, a slowdown in China, or a sharp escalation of violence in the Middle East could all blow the lid off the current economic dynamic.
In Latin America, for example, some 60% of all FDI regulatory changes in 2007 were unfavorable to foreign investors.
For some countries, like the United States, this reevaluation is grounded in national security concerns (largely undefined) that arose in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
While this is certainly not the dominant approach toward FDI, we need to be vigilant that it does not become so.
The new US Congress is looking for scapegoats for the country’s economic quagmire.
Somehow, they must find ways to help the US expand its exports.
Even in cases where its rhetoric has sent mixed messages, US policies have been decidedly liberal.
Unemployment in the US is high, while fiscal and monetary policies have been stretched to their limits.
At the Fukushima site, the backup power supply, essential for maintaining vital safety functions such as cooling the reactors and spent fuel rods, was not properly protected.
What, exactly, has changed? Perhaps most importantly, the worst-case assumptions for safety planning have been radically revised.
The International Atomic Energy Agency expects at least 90 additional nuclear-power reactors to join the 437 now in operation globally by 2030.
New reactors being built today incorporate significantly enhanced safety features, both active and passive, compared to the Fukushima generation of reactors.
Nowadays, the impact of disease in one country is ultimately felt by all.
Around the world, one woman dies every minute in childbirth.
During past recessions, especially in developing economies, the best care has tended to go to the wealthy; the poor, too often, have been left to fend for themselves.
In Africa, the ratio is 900 per 100,000.
Yes, the world faces its first influenza pandemic in more than 40 years.
That seems to be the case in Ukraine today, as its people prepare to vote for a new parliament little more than a year after their successful Orange Revolution.
This "inevitable" process poisoned political life and the media, which led to a strange state of limited freedom and a mafia-like environment.
Some of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s statements seem to recall the Soviet era with nostalgia.
But in principle, Ukraine can succeed as well.
COPENHAGEN – At its heart, much of the debate over climate change deals with just one divisive and vexing question: How big should cuts in carbon emissions be?
All the academic models show that, even if possible, limiting the increase in global temperature to 2oC, as promised by the European Union and the G-8, would cost a phenomenal 12.9% of GDP by the end of the century.
One of these is protecting forests, since deforestation accounts for 17% of emissions.
It can be eliminated with cleaner fuels and new cooking technologies.
Beyond the Death Penalty Debate
First, in a modern democracy, punishment must be not only retributive, but should also try to rehabilitate the criminal in order to enable him to live in society with other human beings.
Other criminologists argue that this finding, if well-founded, should then apply to any criminal law: every day, criminal prohibitions are infringed; yet if we did not have such prohibitions, crimes would be even more rampant.
Nowadays, it is associations such as Amnesty International and Hands Off Cain that push states to abolish capital punishment.
But Israel’s government, using all kinds of pretexts, stubbornly resisted.
But even skeptics nourish many hopes.
Above all, we must assure that the armistice has its own dynamic.
Instead, countries with a strong climate-policy agenda should advocate dynamic formulas for setting targets.
Climate science assumes that the global emissions peak must occur within the next several years.
Even if this objective were to be initially linked with a broadly defined timescale, it would establish the standard for action according to which all countries would have to be measured.
This question stands out in view of Chinese public opinion in the latter phase of the Tibet crisis.
And when one looks more closely at how Chinese responded, both to the unrest in Tibet and the Sichuan earthquake, one sees tangible signs that the Chinese are embracing a greater degree of free speech.
Many, indeed, tried to present to the outside world their own version of the Tibet story, rebutting the orthodox narrative – be it Chinese or Western – and posting comments and footage on YouTube and the BBC's bulletin board.
Admittedly, the fierce popular backlash against Western media was partially motivated by nationalist ardor, which played into the government’s hands.
To Google’s credit, if you Google that sentence, you can find reference to a debate on that claim that I took part in recently.
Google doesn’t merely point users to existing information on the Web; it also collects information that it doesn’t share about its users’ behavior.
So, rather than suppressing or regulating the information that Google uncovers, we are better off making it more freely available.
With Google, people start to expect answers about everything .
But it has little coercive power, because anyone is free to try an alternative.
In his book The Blue Nile, Alan Moorehead described the expedition thus: “It proceeds first to last with the decorum and heavy inevitability of a Victorian state banquet, complete with ponderous speeches.”
So, if massive use of force fails, how is a big country, believing that its interests or moral duty compel it to intervene in the affairs of a small one, to do so successfully?
Colonel Mathieu is the unsung hero of current counter-insurgency orthodoxy, which requires a minimum military presence in the target country, mainly of intelligence agencies like the CIA and “special forces.”
The United Nations Convention on Torture explicitly forbids “cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment,” so their use must be denied.
We are being driven slowly but ineluctably to the realization that the people whom we are fighting will, to a significant extent, inherit the shattered countries that we leave behind.
The trouble lies in the fact that many of the leading indicators used to measure the economy rely on out-of-date, incomplete, or flawed data.
The Billion Prices Project at MIT measures inflation using real-time data on online purchases from hundreds of retailers globally.
The Fed may have blundered in releasing its data ahead of schedule.
Some argue that the solution is to return to the simpler economic models of the past, which yielded policy prescriptions that evidently sufficed to prevent comparable crises.
In fact, largely unbeknownst to the protagonists in this debate over models, an evidentiary revolution is already underway.
In fact, economic history never stopped playing its role in economic research.
These developments amount to a sea change in economics.
At a time when poverty threatens to overtake hundreds of millions of people, especially in the least developed parts of the world, we need the promise of prosperity.
The good news is that we are awakening to this reality.
I think of it as seed money for a wholesale reconfiguration of global industry.
In today’s crisis lies tomorrow’s opportunity – economic opportunity, measured in jobs and growth.
Again, a solution to poverty is also a solution for climate change: green growth.
Costa Rica in Central America and Mauritius in Africa each pulled ahead of its regional peers some time ago.
Singapore achieved rich-country status with a unique development strategy.
First, there was the specific policy idea of making poverty benefits contingent on children’s school attendance (an idea which has been embraced even in New York City).
Big Money Merges with Big Brother
You see, they were using Microsoft-equipped computers and could not prove that the software had not been pirated.
In 2005, Yahoo gave the Chinese police the computer identification code for a dissident journalist, Shi Tao. Shi Tao had sent a message in praise of democracy, which the censors had detected.
Google’s move seemed to reconcile its proclaimed libertarian philosophy with its business ethics.
Internet companies may, more than most, hide their true motives behind ersatz, democratic-sounding slogans, but in the end they are advertising products like any other.
BRUSSELS – France, which now holds the presidency of the G-20, has chosen reform of the international monetary system as its main priority for the Cannes summit in November.
Rather, it has taken topics one at a time, seeking to reach consensus separately on each: the completion of efforts undertaken by the 2010 South Korean presidency to strengthen multilateral liquidity-provision schemes; the strengthening of multilateral surveillance; the appropriate use of capital controls; and a change in the composition of the basket of currencies that comprise the International Monetary Fund’s Special Drawing Rights, a unit of account that was once expected to evolve into a global store of value.
The main economic and currency blocs clearly do not meet such preconditions today, albeit for different reasons.
This is perhaps unavoidable, because leaders must focus on what they can actually deliver.
This instability has raised fears of emerging-market contagion, with South Africa especially susceptible, owing to its capital-account openness.
Then, last May, the US Federal Reserve announced its intention to begin to “taper” its multi-trillion-dollar asset-purchase program – so-called “quantitative easing” – triggering large-scale capital flight from emerging markets.




In the French newspaper Le Monde, a highly intelligent commemorative supplement dubbed the period “The Decade of Bin Laden.”
Indeed, the notion of a “war on terror” in reply was misguided in part because it allowed people to think that Al Qaeda was just another terrorist group like the IRA, the Baader-Meinhof Gang, or the Red Brigades.
The Taliban, who demanded to be left alone in exchange for staying out of politics, were driven into Pakistan, where they reconvened.
As the Arab Spring has shown, the ubiquity of information means that future coalitions need to be formed at the micro level, in the villages and valleys of places like Afghanistan and Pakistan, rather than only at the macro level of managing the global system.
Over the past few centuries, there have been three systems of international order: economic and military domination; a balance of power; and shared sovereignty.
The Price of Biodiversity
So far, a huge number of potential SDG targets have been proposed, some of which relate to biodiversity.
Moreover, forests absorb intense rainfall, thereby reducing the risk of flooding.
Clearly, protecting coral reefs is a much better use of limited resources.
Jika diterapkan dengan baik, biofuel dapat menjadi sarana yang efektif untuk meningkatkan keamanan pangan melalui penyediaan sumber energi berkelanjutan dan terjangkau bagi petani miskin.
Mesin pertama buatan Rudolf Diesel, dirancang pada akhir tahun 1800an, digerakkan oleh bahan bakar yang dihasilkan oleh minyak kacang.
Jika arahan penggunaan biofuel diterapkan selama beberapa tahun, bukan hanya satu tahun, maka pembuat kebijakan dapat mempengaruhi permintaan untuk meminimalisasi tekanan pada harga pangan.
The first diagnosis was cerebral palsy.
But scientists and software engineers regularly face such daunting challenges, and, with DNA serving as the reference language of modern biomedical research, the technical barriers to constructing disease networks will be short-lived.
And that could prove to be even more difficult, because the current closed nature of the medical-information system and its self-directed incentive structure block such sharing.
We can provide our genetic samples to data-driven trials to learn about our likelihood to respond to particular therapies. We can even organize to self-fund future studies or join only those studies that give us the legal right to say how and where our data are used.
इस प्रोटीन की संरचना और क्रियात्‍मक गुण वही होते हैं जो कुदरती तौर पर स्‍तन के दूध में पाए जाते हैं, और इनका निष्‍कर्षण ठीक वैसे ही किया जाता है जैसे सामान्‍य तौर पर बैक्‍टीरिया और खमीर जैसे जीवों से औषधिवाले प्रोटीनों का निष्‍कर्षण करने के लिए किया जाता है। पेरू में किए गए एक अनुसंधान से पता चला है कि वेंट्रिया के धान निष्‍कर्षित प्रोटीनों से युक्त पुनर्जलीकरण घोल की मौखिक खुराक दस्तों की अवधि को घटाती है और इनकी पुनरावृत्ति की दर को कम करती है - यह लाभ विकासशील देशों के लोगों के लिए चमत्‍कार के समान है।

Trade-offs also pervade environmental policy: Cutting more of one pollutant, for example, leaves fewer resources to address other issues.
Meanwhile, the annual per capita environmental cost is $318.
As the South African finance minister, Pravin Gordhan, explained, “to sustain the growth rates we need to create jobs, we have no choice but to build new generating capacity – relying on what, for now, remains our most abundant and affordable energy source: coal.” The US government even acknowledged that, without a coal-fired power plant, South Africa’s “economic recovery will suffer, adversely impacting electrification, job creation, and social indicators.”
According to a recent World Bank study, distributed renewable energy “will be the lowest cost option for a minority of households in Africa, even when likely cost reductions over the next 20 years are considered.”
Al Gore’s climate adviser, James Hansen, argues that if we allow developing countries to “come up to the level of the developed world, then the planet is done for.”
When we do, they feel like a guilty pleasure.
So it is worth stepping back and recognizing that many indicators point to a world that is improving.
Today, the average South Korean has 12 years of education, whereas the average Pakistani has fewer than six.
The good news, which is not often publicized (precisely because it is good), is that scenarios in which military spending is higher, the same, or lower in the future suggest that the high military costs of the twentieth century have been turned into what looks like a permanent peace dividend.
And we do need to focus on eliminating poverty, stamping out illiteracy, and promoting peace.
Both Annan and Gurría cited Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines last November as evidence of increased climate-change-related damage. Never mind that the latest report by the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) found that “current datasets indicate no significant observed trends in global tropical cyclone frequency over the past century” and reported “low confidence” that any changes in hurricanes in recent (or future) decades had anything to do with global warming.
In the real world, China accounts for almost 60% of the global increase in coal consumption from 2012 to 2014, according to the International Energy Agency. While Figueres lauds China for dramatically increasing its solar-power capacity in 2013, the increase in China’s reliance on coal power was 27 times greater.
COPENHAGEN – Despite gains in life expectancy, expanded access to education, and lower rates of poverty and hunger, the world has a long way to go to improve the quality of people’s lives. Almost a billion people still go to bed hungry, 1.2 billion live in extreme poverty, 2.6 billion lack access to clean drinking water and sanitation, and almost three billion burn harmful materials inside their homes to keep warm.
While outdoor air pollution is partly caused by incipient industrialization, this represents a temporary tradeoff for the poor – escaping hunger, infectious disease, and indoor air pollution to be better able to afford food, health care, and education. When countries become sufficiently rich, they can afford cleaner technology and begin to enact environmental legislation to reduce outdoor air pollution, as we now see in Mexico City and Santiago, Chile.
A large part of this is through renewable power like wind, hydro, and solar. For example, Japan recently granted $300 million of its development aid to subsidize solar and wind power in India.
But, as many other well-meaning cities and countries have discovered, cutting CO2 significantly is more difficult than it seems, and may require quite a bit of creative accounting.
With a combined output of 360 megawatts, which will feed electricity into the grid, these turbines will more than cover Copenhagen’s electricity needs – and the surplus can be used to offset the city’s remaining CO2 emissions, including from the city’s millions of non-electric cars.
And Copenhagen is not alone in making such assumptions; the United Kingdom’s Department of Energy & Climate Change estimates a 51% price increase by 2030.
Even if fossil-fuel-powered electricity prices remain constant, Copenhagen’s wind turbines become a net drain.
But the benefits to the entire world would be much lower.
The EU did not just implement a single carbon market in order to meet its target for CO2 emissions. Instead, the EU made a bad deal a lot costlier through a host of partly contradictory policies.
Biofuels are even less efficient, costing more than $300 per ton of CO2 avoided, while doing just over one cent of good per dollar.
Finally, the negative effects of poor climate policies are not just financial.
With these questions in mind, the Copenhagen Consensus (which I direct) asked some of the world’s top economists to assess the economic, social, and environmental costs and benefits of many different targets.
Of course, the precise return on investment in expanded preschool education is difficult to discern. But, in order to prioritize development targets – within and outside of the realm of education – estimates must be made.
A better approach would be to introduce tuition fees for the wealthy and scholarships for the poor.
Biofuels were subsidized by another $19 billion, with essentially no climate benefit. All of that money could have been used to improve health care, hire more teachers, build better roads, or lower taxes.
In Germany, where green subsidies will cost €23.6 billion this year, household electricity prices have increased by 80% since 2000, causing 6.9 million households to live in energy poverty.
Since then, it has powered its explosive economic growth almost exclusively with highly polluting coal, lifting 680 million people out of poverty. Today, China gets a trifling 0.23% of its energy from wind and solar.
If we fail to address it, Kerry says, the costs will be “catastrophic.”
The first installment of the IPCC report showed that there is indeed a climate problem – emissions of greenhouse gases, especially CO₂, lead to higher temperatures, which will eventually become a net problem for the world.
The third installment of the IPCC report showed that strong climate policies would be more expensive than claimed as well – costing upwards of 4% of GDP in 2030, 6% in 2050, and 11% by 2100.
The Stern Review was produced by bureaucrats and never subjected to peer review.
And we need to give more attention to all of the other problems.
Is reducing violence a goal worthy of resources that would otherwise be spent on, say, reducing hunger? And, if so, which forms of violence should be targeted?
Based on studies published in Science, 28% of all women in Sub-Saharan Africa reported experiencing violence in the past year at the hands of their partners or family.
Unfortunately, there is still little hard evidence about where resources should best be focused.
(Kiswahili for “Now!”) promotes the view that partner violence is unacceptable, and has helped to halve the rate of it.
Second, there are solutions that can help to tackle some of these problems very cost-effectively.
Using classic economic valuations of everything from lost lives, bad health, and illiteracy to wetlands destruction and increased hurricane damage from global warming, the economists show how much each problem costs. To estimate the magnitude of the problem, it is compared to the total resources available to fix it.
As temperatures rise, however, the costs will rise and the benefits will decline, leading to a dramatic reduction in net benefits. After the year 2070, global warming will become a net cost to the world, justifying cost-effective climate action now and in the decades to come.
While the optimists are not entirely right (loss of biodiversity in the twentieth century probably cost about 1% of GDP per year, with some places losing much more), the overall picture is clear.
The night of November 9, 1989, marked the beginning of the end of the Soviet Union and its empire, and thus also of the bipolar world that had, for five decades, divided Germany and Europe.
But, in fact, by linking the answers to the global climate and economic crises, we can find a way out of both.
So the black swan of the climate crisis is already preparing to land.
When voters in France and the Netherlands turned down the proposal for a Constitution for the European Union, the world knew that the European project was in deep trouble.
In the event, it turned into a three-way battle between Britain, France and the new member states.
This was a message for which Britain’s European friends had long been hoping, and for which they had waited in vain since Blair’s election in 1997.
He wants to be a part of a political Europe; but only if the other member states follow Britain’s model of economic and social reform.
The Constitution, adopted by the 25 member states last year, is not, in itself, a big deal.
If this is Blair’s calculation, he is mistaken.
Not only has he kept Britain out of the single European currency over the past four years, he made it clear during the election campaign that he does not expect the UK to join the Euro during the next five years either.
They will then be forced to make public and explicit choices about the sort of Europe that they want, and this will put them at odds with their neighbors.
Very few among them (notable exceptions including Nouriel Roubini and Robert Shiller) raised alarm bells about the crisis to come.
The fault lies not with economics, but with economists.
Trade economists study the implications of globalization on inequality within and across countries.
Instead of being analysts, they have been ideologues, favoring one set of social arrangements over others.
That thought may lead us to disdain the kind of philanthropic graffiti that leads to donors’ names being prominently displayed on concert halls, art museums, and college buildings.
Perhaps we will eventually reach a tipping point at which giving a significant amount to help the world’s poorest becomes sufficiently widespread to eliminate the majority of those 25,000 needless daily deaths.
Hsieh says that whether or not his giving has saved the lives of others, it has saved his own: “I could easily have lived a life that was boring and inconsequential.
If you earn less than $100,000, you don’t have to give away anything at all, and if you earn, say, $110,000, you would be required to give away only $1,000 – less than 1% of your income.
And this time, the financial mechanisms involved are not highly complex structured financial products, but one of the oldest financial instruments in the world: government bonds.
The sixteenth-century Habsburgs borrowed – at very high interest rates – from Florentine, Genovese, and Augsburg merchants.
That model was transferred to many other countries, and became the bedrock on which modern financial stability was built.
In 2008, on the eve of the financial crisis, three-quarters of Portuguese debt, half of Spanish and Greek debt, and more than 40% of Italian debt was held by foreigners.
Blind in Gaza and Jerusalem
The Quartet’s peacemaker, Tony Blair, is as unctuously nugatory as ever. He appears on CNN , but has he actually visited Gaza since his appointment in the summer of 2007?
These “wise men,” advisers one and all to President Bill Clinton and other presidents, all seem to concede that the failure of the proposed Camp David accord in 2000 could not, after all, be laid solely at Arafat’s door. Former Israeli premier Ehud Barak should carry his share of the blame.
But I have begun to wonder whether it will really be possible to achieve peace on this basis.
However tough things looked in the past, I have never felt such a sense of despair about Palestine and Israel. Reason has been drowned in blood.
People – and their elected leaders as well -- often have the feeling that such seemingly innocent proposals are in fact part of an ominous “hidden agenda.”
First, different manifestations of Islamic piety or culture are seen as alternative ways of expressing the same core meaning.
Indeed, how many times does a critic of European block thought meet this kind of response: “But where are the Muslims who are criticizing extremist Islam?”
I became an avid and diligent e-mailer.
And increasingly, some are viruses that have infected friends’ address books, with attachments that, if opened, could destroy my computer.
Like Eliot, I felt that I understood more when I knew less, and knew more when I had less information to process.
Part of the problem is that we allow ourselves to be persuaded that new inventions will only make our lives more convenient, rather than also adding to our burdens.
So far, it hasn’t made much of a difference: e-mails continue to flood the decommissioned mailbox.
The Ottomans introduced the practice of “judicial royal fratricide,” supposedly to prevent civil war.
Indeed, it may be that the transition from passionate to impersonal politics is one of the most difficult challenges facing democratizers everywhere.
As the two brothers sat on platforms together, challenging each other’s views, they tried to maintain the double fiction that, on the one hand, there was no special bond between them, and, on the other, that their sometimes fierce disagreements did not taint their fraternal affections.
MEXICO – Drug trafficking has existed in Mexico for decades.
He responded by quickly launching a frontal assault on the cartels, with the support of the army.
Nevertheless, public-opinion polls still show broad backing for Calderón’s strategy.
PARIS – Could Europe be a Democratic “blue state” and Asia a Republican “red state”?
But the Chinese, too, may very likely be favoring McCain, for the opposite reason.
It is too early to say that the “yellow man’s burden” is about to replace Rudyard Kipling’s “white man’s burden” in world history.
They do not want the US only to protect them, but to transform them.
Sectors and industry delineations as we know them are breaking down.
Kodak and Nokia, for example, provide a cautionary tale for companies that began life as innovators.
They did not make room around the table for those who could see that the company’s destiny did not lie only straight ahead, but also off to the side.
In a legal case between Apple and A123, a manufacturer of batteries for electric cars, A123 accuses Apple of violating a non-compete agreement that its engineers signed.
The drivers of both the tractor and the metallic-silver luxury car were 45-year-old women, but any similarity between them ended there: the former was a peasant, the latter the wife of a wealthy businessman.
Liu became so angry about being accused of fraud and denied the car that he climbed atop a high advertising billboard and threatened to jump as a show of innocence.
The apathetic response of the dead peasant woman's husband to the $10,000 in compensation he received was telling.
Thanks to his perseverance and the media's investigation, the fraud was laid bare.
With people outside the boardroom increasingly demanding to hold those inside it to account, opening up avenues of communication is now critical to companies’ long-term success.
When activist investors want to take a look at a company, the boardroom instinct should not be to circle the wagons and call in consultants to do battle.
The Age of Bobby Fischer
There were no DVD players or pay-per-view services.
Although most Westerners today pretend that we always knew that Russian-style Communism would fail, it was not so obvious back then.
The American might have been the ultimate chess genius, but the Russian was the class act.
WASHINGTON, DC – Ever since the financial crisis erupted in 2008, media outlets and specialists alike have devoted much attention to anticipating negative shocks to the global economy.
Unlike in 2013, the strategy of Ryan and his allies this time around is unlikely to include a threat to default directly on federal government debt.
So why is it likely to happen?
Nigeria’s Poverty-Powered Insurgency
But, before the government had even announced its decision, Boko Haram’s leader, Abubakar Shekau, rejected the offer. In an audio recording that he sent to journalists earlier this month, he stated that the organization had done nothing to warrant an amnesty.
Bolivia Divided
The conflict is not, as the government claims, between the people and a few oligarchs.
In turn, the most radical regional opposition groups threaten secession if the central government blocks their demands for greater self-government.
In this conflict, both sides have raised their bets, and their threats could become a reality.
While the existence of indigenous movements is a reality in many countries, from Chiapas to “Araucania,” from Amazonia to Ayacucho, nowhere in Latin America have they posed a genuine threat to national integrity.
Caputo and the UN team then convinced Chilean President Ricardo Lagos to take up the initiative and to promote it with several of his colleagues.
The region continues to need that involvement – on time, on message, and on a proper democratic platform, one that is distinct from both traditional US intervention and Latin America’s traditional indifference.
So, for these groups – and for all citizens who worry about climate change – it was inconceivable that a government promoting the most radical environmentalism would plan and implement the highway project. Indeed, as Morales himself put it, the project would be completed “whatever the cost.”
That risk is substantial.
Conceived, perhaps, with the best intentions, the Morales model is giving hope to Bolivia’s poorest; but it will only pave the way for frustrated hopes ­– also nothing new in Bolivia.
Recreating a state-led economy based on natural gas will promote rent-seeking and a lethargic form of corporatism.
This entails abandoning the prevailing dogma that taxes should only be increased when absolutely necessary.
And tax policy must evolve with changing economic circumstances.
Excise taxes may be levied when goods leave a factory or arrive at a port, simplifying measurement, collection, and monitoring, while ensuring coverage and limiting evasion.
With evidence of sudden capital outflows in response to certain tax-policy changes, governments are reluctant to raise income-tax rates – which have fallen sharply since the late 1970’s – or to tax dividend and interest income, for fear of capital flight.
Since he took office in 2001, President George W. Bush has increased America’s regular military budget by 30%, again not taking into account the cost of the wars he launched.
The US economy is probably in recession, clouds are gathering over its pension and health-care systems, and its military budget may not make sense even in strategic terms.
Mike McConnell, America’s Director of National Intelligence, recently admitted to a US Senate panel that al-Qaeda is gaining strength and steadily improving its ability to recruit, train, and even attack the US.
The Japanese 20-year government bond yielded just 0.87% on January 20.
When either inflation or short-term real interest rates went up, long-term rates rose.
The one-year drop in February 1980 came immediately after Paul Volcker took the helm of the Federal Reserve in 1979.
When an event has never occurred, it cannot be predicted with any semblance of confidence.
Because of the boom in housing and stock market prices, US household net wealth increased by around $18 trillion during 1996-2006.
Fourth, and finally, the failure of Lehman Brothers and near failure of the insurance giant AIG, incited a financial panic, in which even healthy firms are unable to obtain short-term bank loans or sell short-term commercial paper.
Many large economies, including China, Germany, Japan, and Saudi Arabia, have very large export surpluses, and so have been lending to the rest of the world (especially to the US) rather than borrowing. 
Draghi reversed the euro’s slide into oblivion by promising potentially unlimited purchases of member governments’ bonds.
The economy contracted in 2012, and wages declined, despite increases in Germany and some northern countries.
As a result, the income of the global elite is growing both rapidly and independently of what is happening in terms of overall output and employment growth.
Nowhere is there a credible plan to limit the concentration of wealth and power, broaden economic gains through strong real-income growth for the poor, and maintain macroeconomic stability.
While unemployment is significantly higher in sectors that were booming before the crisis, such as construction in the United States, it is more widespread, underpinning the view that greater demand is necessary to restore full employment.
The point is that debt-fueled demand emanates from particular households in particular regions for particular goods.
With too many construction workers and too few jewelers, greater demand may result in higher jewelry prices rather than more output.
The only sustainable solution is to allow the supply side to adjust to more normal and sustainable sources of demand – to ease the way for construction workers and autoworkers to retrain for faster-growing industries.
Whether used to store leftovers, keep hospital equipment sterile, or insulate a home, plastics are unmatched for their adaptability, durability, and low cost.
In 1988, the United States Society of Plastics Industry (SPI) developed a coding system in which each kind of resin is labeled with a number, 1-7, to facilitate sorting.
This translates into a higher proportion of plastics in the remnants of shredded end-of-life automobiles – a contaminated mixture of plastics and non-plastics that is usually disposed of through some combination of landfilling, incineration, and secondary recycling.
As a result, in 2010, Japan recycled 72% of PET bottles, compared to roughly 30% in the US and 48% in Europe.
LONDON – Much has changed about official development assistance (ODA) over the last 50 years.
Although Norway, Sweden, Denmark, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg have achieved the 0.7% target, the global average has actually declined, from 0.5% of GDP in 1960 to 0.3% today.
In a report released last March, the UK’s House of Lords Select Committee on Economic Affairs cited disagreement among experts on the issue, with estimates ranging from a 0.5% boost to annual GDP growth in recipient countries to no effect on growth at all.
A bolder solution would be direct cash transfers to the poor.
After 50 years of inefficiency, it is time to try something new.
Refugees are coming by land as well as sea.
But, given the inability of participating states to control their borders with non-EU countries, Germany and other Schengen members have temporarily reinstated controls.
The EU has an agency called Frontex to coordinate and strengthen national border-control policies.
There may be a reluctance to contemplate this, but there is no choice if Europe is to have a hope of solving the problem.
Borlaug and the Bankers
Soaring food prices before the global financial crisis provided a warning, as does the slowing rate of growth of agricultural productivity.
Neoclassical economic theory, which has dominated in the West for a century, holds that each individual’s compensation reflects his marginal social contribution – what he adds to society.
In such a world, private and social interests often diverge, as we have seen so dramatically in this crisis.
If we lost even one, our world was made immeasurably poorer.
गरीब उधारकर्ता इस तरह के वित्तीय दबाव से बच सकते हैं या नहीं, यह कई कारकों पर निर्भर करेगा। एक तो यह कि क्या वे देय होनेवाले बांडों का भुगतान करने के लिए और अधिक बांड जारी कर पाएँगे। दूसरा यह कि क्या वे धन का निवेश बुद्धिमत्तापूर्वक करेंगे ताकि वे तुरंत चुकौती कर सकें। और यह इस पर भी निर्भर करेगा कि क्या अस्थिर आयों वाले देश, विशेष रूप से प्राकृतिक संसाधनों पर निर्भर करनेवाले देश, आयों के अधिक होने पर धन को अलग रख पाएँगे।


लेकिन PET सड़ता-गलता नहीं है; और हालांकि इसका पुनर्चक्रण हो सकता है, लेकिन आम तौर पर होता नहीं है। परिणामस्वरूप, बोतल-बंद पानी आज प्लास्टिक के कचरे का अकेला सबसे बड़ा स्रोत बन गया है, जिसमें प्रतिवर्ष दसियों अरब बोतलें कचरे में तब्दील होती हैं। संयुक्त राज्य अमरीका में, जहां पिछले साल बिके बोतल-बंद पानी की मात्रा में 2013 की तुलना में 7% की वृद्धि हुई, प्लास्टिक की बनी 80% बोतलें कचरा बन गईं जो भूभराव का दम घोंट रही हैं।

Others – especially managers of financial assets – are becoming increasingly convinced that economists don’t know very much, and that what they do know is of no use to traders like themselves.
As deficits accumulate, the cost of servicing the net international asset position grows.
So, what alternative does the market see? And why is it so different from the possible scenarios that international financial economists see?
But the odds on a soft landing are lengthening with each passing day.
This is disconcertingly reminiscent of the spring – when Jean-Claude Trichet, the ECB president, lashed out at a skeptical bond market and declared a Greek default unfathomable.
The ensuing massive bank bailout, plus continued budget deficits and declining nominal GNP, means that Ireland’s debt is ballooning, while its capacity to pay has collapsed.
Moreover, the IMF announced a new financing program called a “Precautionary Credit Line,” which will provide funds more quickly and with even fewer conditions – even to countries without “sound public finance” and “effective financial supervision.”
Creditors could be offered these par bonds, or a shorter-term bond with a higher coupon – but with debt principal marked down.
Akihito’s trip, which came at the height of Japan’s pro-China foreign policy, was followed by increased Japanese aid, investment, and technology transfer, thereby cementing Japan’s role in China’s economic rise.
Japan’s leaders are perhaps counting on the continuity of India’s strategic policies, which would require the Indian government that emerges from next year’s general election to sustain the momentum of cooperation.
And income inequality in Japan ranks among the lowest in Asia.
63-वर्षीय मोदी में अबे के उदार राष्ट्रवाद, बाज़ार-उन्मुख अर्थशास्त्र, और नए एशियावाद की झलक मिलती है, जिसमें परस्पर संबद्ध रणनीतिक साझेदारियों का समूह बनाने के लिए एशियाई लोकतंत्रों के साथ घनिष्ठ संबंध स्थापित करने की इच्छा है।
संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका के साथ संबंधों - जो हाल ही में भारी राजनयिक तनावों और व्यापार विवादों के कारण बिगड़ गए थे - की गति को बहाल करना एक और अहम चुनौती है। लेकिन बाजार-समर्थक आर्थिक नीतियों और रक्षा आधुनिकीकरण के लिए मोदी की प्रतिबद्धता के कारण अमेरिकी कारोबार के लिए नए अवसरों के पैदा होने और द्विपक्षीय संबंधों के कार्यकलाप के नए स्तर तक पहुँचने की संभावना है।
China’s Borderline Belligerence
Even China’s highly lucrative and fast-growing trade with India has not curbed its rising territorial assertiveness.
In short, China used the Panchsheel Treaty to outwit and humiliate India.
Under pressure from an unyielding and revanchist China, India urgently needs to craft a prudent and carefully calibrated counter-strategy.
A just, rules-based global order has long been touted by powerful states as essential for international peace and security.
The ICJ held that America violated international law both by supporting the contras in their insurrection against the Nicaraguan government and by mining Nicaragua’s harbors.
China’s new ADIZ, while aimed at solidifying its claims to territories held by Japan and South Korea, is similarly provocative, because it extends to areas that China does not control, setting a dangerous precedent in international relations.
Can a wage dispute qualify as a “grave offense” warranting arrest and humiliation? Would the US tolerate similar treatment of one of its consular officers?
Faced with US President Barack Obama’s reluctance to challenge China’s muscle-flexing and territorial ambitions in Asia – reflected in Japan’s recent split with the US over China’s new Air Defense Identification Zone (ADIZ) – an increasingly desperate Abe was compelled to let both countries know that restraint cannot be one-sided.
For its part, the US government openly – and uncharacteristically – criticized Abe’s Yasukuni visit, with its embassy in Japan releasing a statement saying that the US was “disappointed that Japan’s leadership has taken an action that will exacerbate tensions with Japan’s neighbors.”
The Obama administration’s contradictory rhetoric – affirming that the US-Japan security treaty covers the Senkakus, while refusing to take a position on the islands’ sovereignty – has not helped.
Arming the Elephant
The value of India’s arms contracts with US firms exceeds that of American military aid to any country except Israel.
The Indian media are doing their part to strengthen the illusion of progress, latching onto the phrase “closest partners” in their acclaim for the agreement.
But Bush’s invasion and occupation of Iraq was so controversial that it fractured the global consensus to fight terror, with the Guantánamo Bay detention center and the rendition and torture of suspects coming to symbolize the war’s excesses.
Just as covert aid to Afghanistan’s anti-Soviet rebels in the 1980s contributed to Al Qaeda’s emergence – something that Hillary Clinton acknowledged when she was Obama’s secretary of state – the help that the US and its allies provided to Syrian insurgents after they emerged in 2011 contributed to the rise of the Islamic State.
It is not difficult to see the risks inherent in flooding the Syrian killing fields with even more and better-armed fighters.
Two key questions are shaping discussions about Afghanistan’s post-2014 trajectory.
While all eight Afghan presidential candidates claim to support the security accord, this may offer little comfort to the US, given that most of the candidates have directly opposed US interests in the past – not to mention that several of them are former or current warlords.
That intervention – together with the US and Saudi governments’ provision of arms to Afghanistan’s anti-Soviet guerrillas through Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence agency – helped spread militancy and terrorism, which the subsequent US military intervention has kept alive.
But they have also failed to make significant gains, and US plans to cut aid will make progress even more difficult.
The outcome could impact the world – and not only the esoteric world of international finance – for decades to come.
While the rest of the world is sympathetic to Geithner’s ideas, other countries would like to see more fundamental reform.
More fundamentally, the US role at the center of the global financial system gives tremendous power to US courts, regulators, and politicians over global investment throughout the world.
Such changes put pressure on universal banks to abandon riskier investment-bank activities in order to operate more freely.
SAO PAULO – The attempt by Brazil’s government to participate in the international negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program could well be called “A Manual for Candidates to a Permanent Membership of the United Nations Security Council.”
Even so, Lula insisted that he should change his attitude.
At first, Lula minimized the seriousness of the incidents that occurred after Ahmadinejad’s re-election and went so far as to compare them to a dispute between football fanatics.
He added: “Perhaps there is not another one.
Is this lack of emotion about politics, this absence of confrontation between different projects, good or bad? For some analysts, it is good, because it reveals a nation’s political maturity.

And its intensifying political crisis – impeachment proceedings have now been initiated against President Dilma Rousseff for allegedly using irregular accounting maneuvers to disguise the size of the budget deficit – is raising serious questions about who can provide the much-needed treatment.
But domestic politics has made a bad situation much worse; indeed, the biggest obstacle to economic recovery this year came in the form of a massive corruption scandal at the state-owned oil giant Petrobras.
In short, Brazil lacks a credible fiscal and monetary anchor.
But the reality is that helping countries in situations like Brazil’s is an area where global financial institutions like the IMF – which, it should be noted, is more flexible and open today than it was a decade ago – can play a constructive role.
But no candidate has yet advanced a proposal for reform that would reduce the scope for political interference while ensuring greater accountability and promoting financial stability.
But Neves wants de facto, rather than formal, operational autonomy for the BCB.
Price stability should be accompanied by other targets, especially financial stability, but also, possibly, employment.
Institutional clarity on the BCB’s mandate for financial stability and the instruments at its disposal could help Brazil avoid future crises – or at least weather them more effectively.
Rousseff owes her victory to outgoing President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva and the success of his administration.
So the main challenge for the new president will be to continue Lula’s effort to build a new relationship between the public and private sectors – a model capable of combining transparency and proactive measures that neither devolves into centralizing statism nor surrenders to the markets.
Their progress, therefore, depends on real improvement in the quality of an education system that was designed for the Brazil of the past.
In 2007, huge oil deposits were discovered off Brazil’s coast.
First of all, it wants to spread the wealth by pursuing a new model of regional integration through energy and infrastructure.
Indeed, Petrobras is now producing 100,000 barrels a day in both Angola and Nigeria, with the oil marketed locally.
The size of the new oil reserves adds even more weight to Brazil’s growing global influence.
In addition to the risk posed by the “fiscal cliff” in 2013, the main problem remains: the lack of effective counter-cyclical fiscal policies – for example, a public-investment program – to boost economic activity. Instead, the US has placed all of its chips on monetary easing, unleashing what I have called a currency war, in which global investors, chasing higher yields, flood into emerging countries, driving up their exchange rates.
The government’s macroeconomic stabilization efforts, coupled with policies that increased the country’s growth potential, allowed the interest rate to fall over the last decade.
We have launched a program worth more than $60 billion for highway and railway concessions, to be followed by a similar program for ports and airports.
If we act together and pull in the same direction, we all will win.
A 10-year industrial policy program called Pro-álcool was crucial in the development of the industry.
The details of Pro-álcool involved providing incentives to several parties to participate, without which they would have sat on the sidelines.
Some were talented and believed that the new subsidies and incentives rendered long-term investments in the industry highly attractive.
If these lessons are implemented, market forces can pick up where industrial policy leaves off.
At the same time, if the US sets the bar too high at the outset, it will deny itself an effective role in helping to move Burma away from authoritarian rule and into the world community.
These programs produce powerful agents for community development in Burma, and can significantly improve the prospects for better governance.
The US needs to position itself to respond effectively and flexibly to the twists and turns that a potential transition in Burma may take over time, with an eye toward pressing the Burmese leadership to move in positive directions.
Japan has published its proposals for major carbon reductions.
Perhaps the most interesting fact to emerge is that fully 70% of the reductions needed by 2020 can be achieved by investing in three areas: increasing energy efficiency, reducing deforestation, and use of lower-carbon energy sources, including nuclear and renewables.
Renaissance of nuclear power will require a big expansion of qualified scientists and engineers.
While such targets are important, what matters most is agreement on the measures that ultimately will set the world on a new path to a low carbon future.
Rodrik’s thesis is that though there is only one economics, there are many recipes for development success.
The Chicago School claims that real-world market economies produce roughly efficient (so-called “Pareto optimal”) outcomes on which public policy cannot improve.
These differences reflect the intellectual richness of neo-classical economics, but they provide no justification for the claim that there is one economics.
Another reason is that heterodox and MIT School economists also often agree on policy, even if their reasoning is different.
If any abnormalities are found, a diagnostic test is conducted to confirm the presence of the disease.
The second, the Canadian National Breast Screening Study, which began in the 1980s, also used annual mammograms and breast examinations for the screened group. But, in the control group, women aged 50-59 also received annual clinical breast examinations, and women aged 40-49 were given a single breast examination.
Many of the women who believe that their lives were saved by mammography screenings actually had so-called “IDLE” cancers (indolent lesions of epithelial origin), which would not have progressed before they died of other causes. Meanwhile, the very aggressive cancers, which are most likely to prove fatal, tend to present as “interval” cancers that appear between screenings.
But the current frenzied focus is marked by considerable amnesia.
In addition, 50,000 old taxis and 10,000 buses have been replaced, and 4,000 of the new buses are powered by natural gas – now the largest fleet of its kind in the world.
NEW YORK – Let us assume, for the sake of argument, that Geert Wilders, the Dutch politician who is convinced that Europe is “in the final stages of Islamization,” is right: Anders Breivik, the Norwegian mass murderer, is mad.
Speroni claimed that Breivik’s “ideas are in defense of western civilization.”
But, while there was nothing intrinsically wrong with discussing the social consequences of large-scale immigration from Muslim countries, some populists in Holland, Denmark, France, Germany, Belgium, Britain, and other countries, went much further.
LONDON – The Islamic State’s attack in Paris in November was the latest crisis to delay Britain’s bid to renegotiate its membership in the European Union, ahead of a planned referendum on whether to maintain the relationship.
In a November 10 speech at Chatham House, Cameron emphasized the benefits of EU membership for Britain’s national security.
The first demand – for a Europe that enhances “competitiveness” and reduces business regulation – will be the easiest to secure.
One solution would be a double-majority voting system requiring the consent of both euro and non-euro members, like the one adopted during the creation of the eurozone’s banking union.
The Brexit Balance Sheet
The question is whether “Brexit” would be as glorious as its proponents like to imagine.
The Scots would almost certainly want to break away from England and rejoin the EU as an independent member, giving further encouragement (as if that were needed) to separatists in Catalonia and other frustrated European regions.
This is not really what anybody wants, not even the Germans, who are reluctant hegemons.
For this to be achieved, the EU must establish a common security policy and military force.
MADRID – The recent downgrade of Brazil’s credit rating to junk status was followed by a raft of articles heralding the crumbling of the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa).
The disparities among the BRICS are well known.
The BRICS arose at a time when much of the world, especially the advanced economies, was mired in crisis.
As for Russia, the only traditional world leader of the bunch, the Kremlin’s Ukraine policy has done severe damage to the country’s international profile – damage that not even its possible diplomatic coup in Syria can undo.
But it has not, and no other single power is in a position to take America’s place.
STANFORD – A few years ago, pundits and policymakers were predicting that the BRICS countries – Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa – would be the new engines of global growth.
But, for the BRICS, continued rapid progress may become more difficult.
China, for its part, is attempting a difficult economic rebalancing, from an export-led to a consumption-based growth model. In poker terms, Chinese President Xi Jinping is attempting to pull an inside straight, gambling that a growing middle class will demand enough manufactured goods to prevent the economy’s immense excess capacity in basic industries from leading to widespread unemployment.
So far, China has played a pivotal role in driving progress toward real cooperation among the BRICS countries.
Even Jim O’Neill, who coined the term “BRIC,” has turned his attention to the “MINT” economies – Mexico, Indonesia, Nigeria, and Turkey – the BRICS’ key emerging-country competitors.
In particular, the BRICS suffer from considerable income inequality, with their average Gini coefficient (where zero signifies absolute equality and one is absolute inequality) ranging from 0.37 to 0.50 in 2010-2013.
Furthermore, China’s BRICS partners face keen competition from cheap Chinese-manufactured goods (intensified by what many view as China’s undervalued currency).
But the decisions that Scotland would have to make about its monetary arrangements in the months following a vote for independence are at least as likely to be confronted by some eurozone countries over the next couple of years.
While the decision would have a significant political downside – that is, immediately diluting Scotland’s newly acquired sovereignty – its economic implications are mixed.
Italy is perhaps the prime candidate to lead an exit from the eurozone, though a political shock could also arise in France, spurring it to negotiate with Germany the dissolution of the monetary union.
With American home values and retirement savings falling and Chinese unemployment numbers rising, observers worry that neither America nor China will have much appetite to cut emissions.
Much of this credit comes from China, where firms and citizens save too much and consume too little, leaving a surplus of both goods and capital that flows abroad.
Yet these five industries combined employ only 14 million people out of a total labor force of 770 million and fewer people than they did a decade ago. For a country in an employment crisis, investing in energy-intensive industry is a losing strategy.
Twenty years ago – on June 4, 1989 – three events shaped a fateful year.
But if you watched the Eastern Bloc’s disintegration from the ground, you would know that the process was far longer and more complex than most people realize.
An iconic campaign poster captured the public mood: a picture of a gun-slinging Gary Cooper as the sheriff in the classic western High Noon .
“Oh, that sponging apparatchik, living high on our penury.”
Those of us covering Eastern Europe knew that Solidarity would win.
Strasbourg – The European Union recently embarked on a policy of “constructive engagement” with Belarus.
European officials have been at pains to prevent the EU’s enlargement from creating new dividing lines between Belarus and its neighbors to the west and north – Poland, Lithuania, and Latvia – that joined the Union in 2004.
Similarly, Belarus must, in turn, respond positively to the EU’s steps to normalize relations, one of which should be rescinding travel restrictions against Lukashenko and other senior officials.
With Belarus’s economy crumbling and its export markets withering, Russia could exploit Lukashenko’s vulnerability.
It is premature to invite Lukashenko to the opening summit of this initiative in Prague on May 7.
The Doha round of global free-trade talks has been abandoned, and the World Trade Organization is now languishing by the lake in Geneva, uncertain of its future.
But both are closing down in many countries.
As Mervyn King, the Governor of the Bank of England, acutely observed, “banks are global in life, but national in death.”
We can only hope that it does not catch on.
No Pain, No Gain for Britain?
Simon Wren-Lewis of Oxford University estimates that the damage might be as high as 15% of GDP.
The claim that “Keynes is to blame” for Labour’s election defeat is peculiarly odd.
The deficit, she rightly said, was “a symptom of economic difficulties, not just the cause of them.”
And fiscal austerity is still the reigning doctrine in the eurozone, thanks to Germany.
The UK’s national interests have not changed, and no fundamental shifts within the EU have worked against those interests.
When, in 2009, he ordered the Conservative MEPs to withdraw from the European People’s Party, the Europe-wide grouping of center-right political forces, he merely deprived the Tories – now consigned to sit with the sectarians and obscurantists – of any influence in the European Parliament.
This, however, requires an adequate understanding of those interests and a willingness to cooperate on the basis of mutual trust, which should be a given within the European family.
Indeed, continuity is the one election outcome that can almost certainly be excluded.
Moreover, Britain’s political institutions might be unable to cope.
But this is a dangerously complacent argument.
They tend to focus on whatever seems to be the biggest and most urgent story, and British politics has not been it.
The eastern members – most notably Poland and the Baltic states – are clinging fast to the EU in the face of Russian aggression. At the other geographic and political extreme, the United Kingdom is threatening to walk out on Europe for good.
The Norwegians must pay €2 billion ($2.1 billion) a year for access to European markets. Switzerland, like Norway, must take a back seat to the EU Commission when trade and investment decisions are made.
It must lead in mobilizing Europe to make the global economy work for people, protecting them from injustice and inequity.
But is it really true that the world can or should learn about China only by reading works that are sanctioned by the Chinese Communist Party? After all, didn’t Boris Pasternak, Alexander Solzhenitsyn, Milan Kundera, and Václav Havel teach the world as much about the repressive societies in which they lived than anything turned out by the Soviet bloc’s official publishers?
They want Chinese consumers to buy their products.
That “choice” may seem overwhelming, but it would be safe to bet that not one of these books probes impartially the taboos of Chinese politics and recent history. In China, thousands of “sensitive words,” including “self-immolating lamas,” “democracy,” “human rights,” “Tiananmen protest,” and even the title of my book Beijing Coma, cannot even be searched online.
Instead, the task of corrupting a centuries-old humanistic tradition has fallen to the Chinese Communist Party’s ignoble censor-in-chief and engineer of China’s literary exodus – and to the greed of some for Chinese gold.
Until recently, anyone who wished to bring a human-rights case against the British government had to go to France.
It also inhibits proper debate. After all, what responsible public body wants to be accused of violating human rights?
So much, then, for Article 6 of the European Convention, which provides that everyone charged with a criminal offense has the right “to be informed promptly” of the nature of the accusation against him.
In May, in his first major policy speech, Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg announced the sweeping away of the “Big Brother” state that Blair had constructed: no more ID cards or national identity register, new restrictions on the storage of DNA, tighter regulation of the closed-circuit television surveillance that had made the British the most monitored people on earth, and so on.
As the head of the government that carried out these acts, British Prime Minister David Cameron has betrayed his country’s most noble cultural legacy. Indeed, Britain essentially invented and gave the rest of the world the idea of free speech.
Will today’s constrictions on journalism in the UK be similarly transient? In the wake of the hacking scandal at Rupert Murdoch’s News Corp, Parliament pressured the British press into agreeing to a terrifying system of fines of up to a £1 million ($1.6 million) for news “errors.”
But much more needs to be done. Above all, Cameron’s political future – and that of all UK politicians – should depend on whether he upholds Britain’s tradition of free speech and public debate or continues to betray it.
As a result, Britain could not serve as a bridge between a doubtful Europe and a belligerent US, as Blair believed, and Britain’s capacity to be a force for good on the world stage was severely damaged.
The City of London, the British Council, Oxfam, and the BBC are now expected to restore the prominence of Britain’s enduring values.
May the next American president pursue this course.
David Cameron was polished but vague, and the jowly Brown came across as gun loaded with statistics.
And even though inequality of wealth and income in Britain increased in the 13 years Labour has been in power, this is thought to be something that a left-wing party might seek to correct, whereas there is no similar expectation for a party of the right.
The Conservatives’ pledge to start cutting the deficit immediately amounts to only a 1% reduction in the coming year.
The Conservatives want to reduce the size of the House of Commons by 10%.
As Winston Churchill said, the problem with committing political suicide is that you live to regret it.

I think he will do so – not least because the most potent electoral argument today is “time for change.”
It will require leadership skills of a high order to persuade voters that in order to prevent national decline we must curb our appetite for more and more public spending.
The longest election campaign in UK history has been strikingly short of focus.
Either way, the point is straightforward: statistical recovery is not enough.
Perhaps this reflects my own bias, but I suspect that this evasiveness on the part of Britain’s main political parties has weakened support for them, by diminishing their status as valid representatives of the country.
The party appears to be attracting many people who voted against independence but who want more regional autonomy and a stronger voice for Scotland in the Westminster Parliament.
What I do is not very sophisticated: I watch the bookmakers’ odds.
First, as in many other democracies, support for the United Kingdom’s two main political parties is declining.
Several factors make predicting the outcome even more problematic.
Ed Miliband, the Labour leader, seems to be just as unpopular in Scotland as his Conservative counterpart, Prime Minister David Cameron.
BRUSSELS – The outcome of the United Kingdom’s general election this week will set the direction the country will take in its long-term relations with the European Union.
Prime Minister David Cameron’s promise to hold a referendum on membership by 2017 if he is re-elected is not helpful in solving the problems that Britain and the rest of Europe face together: the need for higher growth and greater social inclusion amid unprecedented foreign-policy challenges.
Indeed, the preparations for negotiations on a new agreement among the EU institutions are less focused on the nature of the output of the legislation than on the sheer number of laws now on the books.
So perhaps achieving the Cameron government’s objective – to remain in a reformed EU after renegotiating the UK’s membership and renationalizing certain European competences – does not actually require treaty modification.
It is understandable that politicians should talk up their own vision of the future and talk down what others have to say.
As voters head to the polls on May 7, their would-be elected officials are asking them to believe three great falsehoods, each of which is dangerous in its own way.
Regardless of which party – Labour or Conservative – wins the largest number of seats in Parliament, its constituents would of course include many English voters, who would never agree to the SNP’s policy priorities.
A recent political cartoon showed British bombers taking off on a mission, with one pilot saying to the others, “It seems a long way to go to bomb a few young men from South London.”
But Cameron also knows that he must handle the negotiations with care.
The best way to do this would be to divide Europe into two groups.
In the meantime, Article 136 of the existing Treaty on the Functioning of the EU would allow for some preliminary steps, such as the designation of votes at the European Council that are reserved for eurozone countries only.
The Digital Road From Poverty
Similarly, the World Bank has shown that a 10% increase in broadband penetration increased GDP growth by 1.4% in low- to medium-income countries.
By 2020, the benefits would be almost $500 billion annually, and would continue to rise each year.
Nine hundred million people live in LDCs, and, as Pantelis Koutroumpis of Imperial College London points out, only 6.7% are Internet users.
This imperative has led many to demand larger contributions from Internet giants like Google, Netflix, and Facebook, which are frequently criticized for failing to pull their weight – and even lambasted as “free-riders,” intent on pillaging European assets and markets.
By investing in them, America’s Internet giants are providing tangible benefits for European consumers and companies.
Throughout the process, creative solutions will be paramount, and Internet companies’ contributions will be invaluable.
As ITU Secretary-General Hamadoun Touré has put it, “In the twenty-first century, affordable, ubiquitous broadband networks will be as critical to social and economic prosperity as networks like transport, water, and power.”
Likewise, mobile networks are delivering health services to the most remote areas of India.
By contrast, the average level of fixed-line telecommunication penetration in developing countries is nearly 50 years behind the levels of the West.
Using technology to deliver security will become even more important in areas such as information sharing, disaster management, and data-privacy standards.
The UN press release called the document a “global action plan” to achieve the MDGs, but it is more an expression of aspirations than a plan.
The net effect of all these changes, Pogge calculates, is that, whereas world leaders pledged in 1996 that by 2015 they would reduce the number of undernourished people to no more than 828 million, now they are pledging only to reduce the number in extreme poverty to 1.324 billion.
More people with HIV/AIDS are getting inexpensive anti-retroviral drugs and their life-expectancy has increased, but universal access is still far off, and the disease is still spreading, if more slowly than before.
PRINCETON – Ten years after its birth, Google is threatening to re-open the “Browser Wars” of the 1990’s, when Microsoft’s Internet Explorer eliminated its rival, Netscape’s Navigator. This time, however, it is Google’s Chrome that promises to transform the economics underlying the entire software industry, and not only because of its technical innovation in linking very different kinds of software to an Internet browser.
But this also reduced the possibility of choice, of selecting and combining different software.
In line with the philosophy of challenging dominant positions, the US Department of Justice in 1969 started a major investigation of IBM, which had just revolutionized business computing with its 360 line.
Google’s position is so interesting and so powerful because the legal philosophy that challenges any ascendant position, even in an industry that seems naturally to produce monopoly, remains in place.
Some have also interpreted it as evidence of a Russian-led effort to mobilize the major emerging economies – Brazil, India, and China – against the West.
In fact, the vast majority of the world’s strongest economies are allied with the US.
This is particularly true for China, because its domestic stability and international influence depend largely on its ability to maintain rapid economic growth, which demands ever-larger quantities of imported energy and other natural resources.
(China took the strongest position in the Security Council by abstaining.)
I don’t know, though I have some hunches.
There have been three colossal stock-market bubbles in the last century: the 1920’s, the 1960’s, and the 1990’s.
Increasing worries about global warming, and its effects on food prices, or about the cold and snowy winter in the northern hemisphere and its effects on heating fuel prices, are contagious stories.
Moreover, people nowadays easily imagine that the housing and farmland markets always move together, because prices in both boomed in recent memory, in the early 2000’s. But, from 1911 to 2010 in the US, the correlation between annual real growth of prices for homes and farmland was only 5%, and the latest data on farm prices have not shown anything like the decline in home prices.
Should priorities once again be reversed?
In the end, there would be little, if any, damaging impact on output.
But when the economy is booming, the effects of fiscal retrenchment are unlikely to be damaging.
Understanding which conditions are being met when and where helps to set the agenda for today.
In hazardous conditions, officials should not rely on rosy scenarios and hope that they will be believed.
At the nanometer scale (about 50,000 times smaller than the width of a human hair), matter behaves in unusual ways: weak materials become strong, inert materials become active, and benign materials become harmful.
The US has been tremendously successful in promoting research strategies that support the use of nanotechnology, and has served as a model that is being duplicated around the world.
Some nations and regions are beginning to develop research agendas that respond to these five challenges.
In the global race for nanotechnology leadership, the winners will be those who understand the risks and support the research necessary to minimize them.
Second, CO2 is dangerously changing the world’s climate, even if many Big Oil interests would have us believe otherwise.
Two neighbors in Europe, Germany and France, are showing the way forward – or, more precisely, the alternative ways forward – to a low-carbon future.
The key point is that France and Germany, and many other European countries – including the Scandinavian countries, with their considerable wind and hydropower potential – are all recognizing that the world as a whole will have to move away from a fossil-fuel-based energy system.
MOSCOW – Greater Europe is at a crossroads.
This suggests that Russia, unable to compete with the world’s fast-developing countries, will have to direct its efforts towards protecting its waning assets.
Developments in these countries during the postcommunist years marked a gradual change from Russian to European influence, but that is not irreversible.
Moreover, both the US and China nowadays find Russia to be more strategically interesting than Europe, and that doesn’t go unnoticed in, say, Kiev or Minsk.
But model of integration followed from the 1990’s up until about 2005 was not a success.
Several economies that recently faced financial crises are rebounding strongly.
A lesson of the 1990's is that vulnerabilities must be dealt with before they become crises.
Aging populations are forcing many countries to address pressures on their budgets and social security systems.
Poverty also threatens economic stability.
The resilience of the global economy in the face of political and economic shocks demonstrates the central relevance of the reform process - and underlines the importance of continuing along this path.
When the government did not oblige, 50,000 people set out on the fabled Grand Trunk Road to Islamabad, taking 36 hours to complete the 300-kilometer trek.
The Supreme Court took note of the ADB’s findings and started proceedings against Ashraf and other senior officials, including several from the finance ministry.
Building Palestine From the Bottom Up
Both the Palestinians and Israel can easily and rightly be blamed for the failure of the Oslo process.
This empowerment of an effective local leadership was done with much persistence – and little fanfare. But these nuts-and-bolts projects created – for the first time – the building blocks necessary for effective Palestinian nation-building.
But the reality is starker: the intrusions by Chinese aircraft into Filipino airspace in May; Chinese patrol boats cruising in March in the Recto (Reed) Bank, 85 miles west of the Filipino island of Palawan; and, most serious of all, a Chinese missile frigate firing at Filipino fishing boats in February near Palawan’s Quirino atoll.
What is needed, above all, is a covenant among the leaders of the Asia/Pacific region that will make peaceful dispute resolution binding on all stakeholders, big or small.
The UN Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) and associated international commitments must become the basis for productive dialogues leading to binding covenants.
The old models about how to understand the economy have had their day. Across the globe, governments are facing fundamental decisions about the future nature of their economies and societies.
As we face the type of turning-point decisions not seen since the darkest days of the 1930’s, can we avoid such an outcome?
The mechanics of the welfare state will need to be strengthened; public policy must stop deferring to the financial sector, regardless of the need for bailout packages.
Built to Bust
And, starting that year, construction spending did indeed fall below trend.
And, in that alternative universe, having worked off the entire burden of overbuilding, we would by now have returned to trend levels of production, employment, and demand.
We know that when Americans become confident again – when they believe that they could find new jobs if they lost their current ones, and when they can no longer tolerate doubling-up with their in-laws – they will demand more dwellings than the country has today.
Rouhani has been largely successful in putting his predecessor Mahmoud Ahmadinejad’s tone-deaf leadership firmly in the past.
Rouhani recently had an opportunity to discuss Iran’s stance. But, addressing the World Economic Forum in Davos, he squandered it, sticking to platitudes about the need for governments in the region to listen to their citizens and provide young people with “jobs and hope.”
Worse, he has refused to acknowledge Iran’s own role in the tragedy.
This is an unusual move, considering the Gulf states’ tradition of treating political disagreements as a family matter, to be handled behind the scenes.
The Muslim Brotherhood is not a violent organization, and it has not engaged in illegal activities in the Gulf countries.
There is a burgeoning desire for a future that dispenses with traditional policies based on fear and anger.
Clearly, this policy would be more constructive than Saudi Arabia’s desire for a lone-wolf role that merely results in a deadlock within and around the Gulf.
And, although Turkmenbashi died in December, his successor, Gurbanguly Berdymukhammedov, has continued to imprison dissidents, stifle freedom of expression, and scoff at democracy, as February’s rigged elections demonstrate.
This is not the first time he has been arrested in Bulgaria. After first arriving, Hadjiev and his wife were arbitrarily detained for several days, leaving their 13-year-old daughter without supervision or access to her parents.
By releasing Annadurdy Hadjiev from jail and withdrawing the threat of extradition to Turkmenistan, Bulgaria would unequivocally demonstrate its commitment to fulfilling its obligations.
But then reality intruded. India’s strategic rivals, China and Pakistan, began to court the Burmese generals.
And India sweetened the generals’ tea by providing military assistance and intelligence support to their own never-ending counter-insurgencies.
India confronts an inescapable fact of geopolitics: you can put your ideals on hold, but you cannot change who your neighbors are.
Burma’s rulers have said that the vote will be delayed in the areas hardest hit by the cyclone until May 24, but the referendum will still go ahead as planned in other parts of the country.
More than seven months on from this brutal suppression, political activists continue to be imprisoned and tortured.
This lack of progress is less a reflection of Gambari's capabilities  than of the fact that he has not been empowered by the countries that  hold the most leverage over Burma’s rulers, including China, India, and  Burma's ASEAN neighbors.
The situation demands the Secretary-General’s direct involvement. Without it, the junta will continue to have a free hand to act against the human rights of the Burmese people.
In such conditions, free and fair elections will be impossible.
The dictatorship stands accused of committing war crimes and crimes against humanity, mostly against the country’s minorities, who chafe at decades of oppression, ostracism, and military misrule.
Indeed, the decision was far from voluntary.
We know that Burma’s political destiny is inextricably linked to that of our own countries.
Preventing aid from reaching those in need is bad enough.
Her comment was an explicit reference to Allende’s last speech from the besieged La Moneda palace on September 11, 1973, when he declared that some day, much sooner than later, “we will reopen the great promenades down which free men pass.”
So it is small surprise that he left office with more than 75% popular support.
Thus, the general who yearned to see his picture in Chilean history books next to that of our liberator, Bernardo O’Higgins, must now resign himself to dying abandoned even by those who, until only two years ago, revered and honored him.
Bush Inherits the Wind
He disdains climate science and public health science when it conflicts with the beliefs – and interests – of his core supporters.
Hurricanes are measured according to three dimensions: frequency, intensity, and duration.
This can be done by changing the world’s energy system to limit emissions of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere – the main driver of manmade climate change.
Hurricane Katrina is a wakeup call, not only for the US but for the world.
In recent years, a majority of the Justices of the Supreme Court have articulated a multilateralist view of American law that stands in marked contrast to the unilateralism of the Bush Administration.
Alarmed by this dramatic volte-face, the majority Justices in the Guantanamo Bay case may be trying to send assurances to the rest of the world that President Bush does not speak for all Americans, not even the ones who put him in office in the first place.
Or perhaps the Justices were simply reacting to the Administration's constant overreaching.
There is a market failure when it comes to energy, but government intervention should run in precisely the opposite direction from what the Bush administration has proposed.
With world oil production close to full capacity and prices already more than double their pre-Iraq War level, this portends still higher prices, and still higher profits for the oil industry – the only clear winner in Bush’s Middle East policy.
Productivity gains had stalled, energy prices were high, the backlog of potential technologies that originated in the Great Depression had been exhausted, and waning benefits from economies of scale led nearly every economist to project that economic growth would be slower in the future than it had been in the past.
Everyone who worries about America’s weak fiscal position puts Social Security’s relatively small funding imbalance far down the list of priorities. The highest priority problem is the overall budget’s medium-run outlook, as the Bush tax cuts have opened Reagan-size deficits that threaten to cripple US economic growth.
The second is ideology.
Israeli hardliners saw the “war on terror” and the war in Iraq as their wars, supported Bush’s war-like rhetoric and isolation of Iran, and considered the neo-conservatives their ideological kin.
They also know, of course, that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two-state solution.
An American dialogue with Iran will be a serious blow to the interests of Israeli hardliners, and some of them dream of making it impossible.
It is a policy that has proved to be ineffective, and that is illegal under international law because it targets Israeli civilians.
Bush’s initiative is a last-ditch effort to salvage America’s position in a region where it is on the defensive on all fronts.
The Saudis certainly have an interest in supporting this last ditch American attempt for an Israeli-Palestinian peace, especially now that, for the first time ever, Israel has refrained from opposing an arms deal between the US and Saudi Arabia.
Such a sequence – and a conference whose harmless aim is “to review progress toward building Palestinian institutions, look for ways to support further reforms, and support the effort going on between the parties” – fits perfectly with the Israeli view.
But these statistics mask a glaring fact: the average American family is worse off than it was three and half years ago.
The economy was entering a downturn when Bush took office, but Clinton also left a huge budget surplus - 2% of GDP ­­- a pot of money with which to finance a robust recovery.
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office agrees that even without Bush's new expenditure initiatives and tax proposals, costing trillions of dollars, the deficit will not be eliminated in the foreseeable future - or even cut in half, as Bush has promised. Expenditures on which America's future economic health depends - on infrastructure, education, health, and technology - will be crowded out, jeopardizing long-term growth.
The real risk is that this is one promise that Bush, if re-elected, will try to keep.
As those policies fail, global financial markets are reacting negatively, adding uncertainty to the world economy, and there is little relief in sight, because America is entering a period of prolonged political infighting and stalemate.
The military-plus-security budget soared by more than 2% of GNP, while tax revenues fell by much more. At the same time, Bush supported expenditure increases for popular items like education and prescription drug benefits, but paid for these services by borrowing the money rather than ensuring sufficient tax revenues.
In a bizarre, but not unexpected way, America is lashing out at others for its problems.
Bush’s gamble was a loser from the start, generating costly results – mainly for the US, but for the rest of the world, too – for years to come.
Dousing a naked detainee with water was to last 20 minutes if the water’s temperature measured 5 °C, 40 minutes at 10 °C, and up to 60 minutes at 15 °C. Sleep deprivation could not exceed 180 hours, but could start over again after eight hours rest.
Instead, it has a legal standard.
To that end, mental damage is preferable to physical injury.
Should we therefore prosecute them?
A war that cannot be ended is sometimes worse than a war that is lost.
There is simply no way that Iraq can be stabilized without America moving from a policy of disengagement to one of engagement with these two major regional spoilers.
Alas, however bipartisan the Iraq Study Group’s report may be, it is too much to expect that Bush will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy.
Bush’s New Middle East
The most serious unintended consequence of the war is the emergence of a powerful Shia challenge to the West’s Sunni allies in the Middle East.
If anything, America’s debacle in Iraq has only emboldened the challengers of the status quo in the region.
Bush’s Old New Plan for Iraq
Bush has long claimed that the number of troops in Iraq was a military decision and that he simply followed the advice of his generals, but now this is clearly not the case.
In fact, it turned out that Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz were the ones wildly off the mark. Now both are gone, and Bush is turning to troop increases.
At best, the overthrow of Saddam removed a threatening dictator, and substituted a tyranny of the majority for the tyranny of a minority.
Indeed, only by effectively addressing the Israeli-Arab dispute can he possibly salvage America’s standing in the region.
The concept of interim agreements has now become utterly obsolete, if only because the parties are incapable of paying the political price inherent in an open-ended, piecemeal process.
The end of bilateralism stems also from the dysfunctional political systems of both Palestine and Israel.
Bush’s Second Gulf Disaster
FEMA was downsized and downgraded from a cabinet position, then placed under the Department of Homeland Security.
For example, Florida (with 16 more electoral votes than Louisiana and where the president’s brother governs) received its requested funding to protect its wetlands.
Ideologies of privatization that incapacitate effective government, permitting the privileged to save themselves while leaving the poor clinging to roofs, must now be challenged.
Before flying to Brazil, Bush said that his administration doesn’t get enough credit for its Latin American policy.
Numerous heads of state and dignitaries from around the world attended the ceremony.
Moreover, the handful of free-trade agreements signed with individual countries, or groups of countries, are lopsided and overwhelmingly favor US interests.
What explains this apparent contradiction?
The twin symbols are Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib.
BERLIN – Despite continuing tensions over Russia’s invasion of Georgia this August, the European Union will reopen talks with Russia on a new Partnership and Cooperation Agreement (PCA).
In private, however, many allied officials have told the media that they are even less inclined than they previously were to deepen NATO’s ties with Georgia, given the risks of becoming entrapped in another Russian-Georgian war.
In September and October, the country’s strategic forces engaged in their largest nuclear weapons-related exercises since the Soviet Union’s demise.
Russia’s military also must compete with foreign customers for those few warplanes, tanks, and other sophisticated weapons that are produced.
BERKELEY – Investors worldwide are increasingly seeking investment opportunities that promise to bring environmental and social benefits, in addition to market rates of return.
And a new study by Morgan Stanley’s Institute for Sustainable Investing, which analyzed the performance of 10,228 open-ended mutual funds and 2,874 separately managed accounts in the US, found that sustainable investments usually met – and often exceeded – the median returns of comparable traditional investments for the periods examined.
This new approach to company valuation reflects the view that the most successful companies will be those that deploy all four kinds of capital responsibly.
In fact, if a company is to fulfill its fiduciary responsibility to its investors, it has little choice but to go beyond financial returns to incorporate ESG factors that are likely to have a material impact on its performance over time.
For decades, the Swiss multinational defined itself strictly as one the world’s leading food companies.
In today’s fast-paced world, it takes only a single technological improvement, price advantage, or great viral advertising campaign for a competitor to leap ahead.
Overcoming historic biases requires questioning an industry’s taboos.
At least 20% of a company’s board should be composed of individuals from outside the industry.
With minds concentrated by fears of another 1930’s-style Great Depression, America’s political leaders developed, virtually overnight, a $700 billion bailout plan to resuscitate the country’s rapidly deflating financial sector.
Little did I imagine that today, there would be no freestanding investment bank left on Wall Street.
True, the Treasury would take equity stakes in some firms, so there would be some upside potential.
That was a big lesson of the 1930’s.
A specter is haunting us again; this time it is the dream of truly democratizing capitalism.
Governments around the world are spending money on regulating and monitoring their stock markets so that they are safer for individual investors, and so that investor interest in these markets will grow.
The purpose of the gifts is to “encourage parents and children to develop the saving habit and engage with financial institutions.”
But there is also a higher risk of disaster, owing to a seemingly inborn human tendency to extrapolate past returns.
The United States received its first shock – followed by complaints from the US Congress – when the Chinese computer company Lenovo Group purchasing IBM’s personal computer division. Never mind that by 2000 China had invested less than $400 million in the US, while Britain had invested over $230 billion and Japan $159 billion.
It is difficult to judge whether it is the symbolism of such deals, concerns about national security, or the slowly dawning recognition that America’s position of assumed economic preeminence is being challenged that upsets Americans most.
China must be both encouraged and allowed to play by the global rules, even when the symbolism of its progress may be painful to endure.
During this time, the international community has also dramatically changed.
Her foreign policy – called “Trustpolitik” – aims to transform this atmosphere of suspicion and conflict into one of confidence and cooperation, and to build “a new Korean Peninsula, a new Northeast Asia, and a new world.”
For example, it would involve implementing the UN’s 1,000-day project for maternal health and infant nutrition, aimed at ending the North’s chronically high rate of infant malnutrition.
But Peru boasts another impressive characteristic: it is among Latin America’s fastest-growing economies, with GDP up by 4.8% year on year in the first quarter of 2014.
Moreover, under the new law, subnational governments will no longer be able to limit investments on environmental grounds – decisions that were guided by strict technical standards and highly trained experts.
Last month, the Congress also moved to weaken the government’s environmental oversight, claiming that this would add 1.5-3% to the economy’s growth rate.
Calderon’s Cauldron
Fox’s term, along with the four last years of former President Ernesto Zedillo’s mandate, were hardly a failure.
But the foundations of the old PRI-corporativist system created in the 1930’s remain untouched, and represent the main and most formidable obstacles to Mexico’s growth and success.
The main parties write their own anti-trust legislation, vote their own subsidies, and choose their own elected officials. The absence of consecutive re-election at any level reinforces the party machines’ power: they pick candidates, whom voters merely ratify at the polls.
Slowing the rate of alteration is the only rational course of action, given the potential outcomes. But we also need to examine our responses closely, or risk repeating our shortsighted behavior.
Now, astronomers have discovered a remarkable abundance of planets orbiting other stars.
In other words, the cosmic sprawl can help us disentangle the complex terrestrial systems and histories of which we are a part.
Higher levels of government are “on the hook” to bail out local insolvent governments, and may even suffer bond downgrades as a result; in Spain, Italy, and China, that role falls to the national government, and for US cities and towns, to their states.
Three California cities have recently declared bankruptcy: Stockton, the largest American city ever to do so; San Bernardino, the second-largest bankrupt city; and Mammoth Lakes.
The state would be expected to take over essential public services from bankrupt local governments.
The state income tax is not only uncompetitively high, but the revenues are volatile.
Berkeley – While the new Obama administration is commanding global attention, America’s future may be written – as so many times before – in and by its largest state.
Because other American states also face tough fiscal conditions, the political price of bailing out California may be bailing out dozens of other states too.
California’s governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, was an immigrant (from Austria) before he was a movie star.
More radical thinkers insist that California is ungovernable and should be broken into two or even three states.
If Californians refuse, Obama could face a widening revolt – against the idea of expanded government as the chief response to what ails America at home.
The law that is valid for all other companies should apply to banks as well.
Obviously, the domino effect need not stop there: the insolvency of banks A and B could get a bank C – and additional banks – into trouble.
CANBERRA – The South China Sea – long regarded, together with the Taiwan Strait and the Korean Peninsula, as one of East Asia’s three major flashpoints – is making waves again.
Such a claim would cover four disputed sets of land features: the Paracel Islands in the northwest, claimed by Vietnam as well; the Macclesfield Bank and Scarborough Reef in the north, also claimed by the Philippines; and the Spratly Islands in the south (variously claimed by Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, and Brunei, in some cases against each other as well as against China.)
China can and should lower the temperature by re-embracing the modest set of risk-reduction and confidence-building measures that it agreed with ASEAN in 2002 – and building upon them in a new, multilateral code of conduct.
At the same time, the movement faces new questions about its ability to take advantage of the diplomatic opportunities that it has gained.
Nonetheless, recent events, together with the PA’s dwindling resources, have diminished Abbas’s credibility among Palestinians, who increasingly view him as desperate.
Palestinian and Israeli leaders will have to reconcile their differences and reach a diplomatic settlement.
Here, Israel may come under growing pressure from its principal ally.
Initially, the dollar’s price rose, but since 2002, it has, for the most part, fallen steadily.
Both disregard the fact that rationality depends as much on individuals’ imperfect understandings of history and society as on their motivation.
This should moderate bulls’ willingness to increase their long positions, thereby limiting the magnitude of the swing.
As Milton Friedman emphasized, however, the links between monetary policy and inflation are “long and variable.”
During the past eight years, the economy put up exceptional indicators: GDP grew almost 70% (nearly as dynamic as China) and formal employment increased more than 30%.
Since mid-2007, expectations regarding long-term sustainability have been weakening.
This is eroding the external surplus, weakening domestic purchasing power, and causing investments to be postponed.
This time, it had better make the most of it.
The agreement on contributions is significant, it is said, because China and Japan will both contribute 32%.
Countries putting money on the barrelhead want assurances that their resources will not be used frivolously, and they want to know that they will be repaid.
It could be placed inside the Asian Development Bank in Manila.
But it would at least head off one danger, namely the urge to accumulate even more reserves.
In the past, Asians put a premium on protecting their sovereignty and were wary of any multilateral approaches that could dilute it.
Indeed, if the vast majority of the four billion Asians continue to improve their livelihoods, the world would become a better place.
Climate Change: Asia needs to build up innovative markets that enable technology transfer.
In response to each challenge, Asians respond pragmatically.
Business ethics has always had problems that are distinct from those of other professions, such as medicine, law, engineering, dentistry, or nursing.
In that tradition, the economist Milton Friedman wrote, in his 1962 book Capitalism and Freedom :  “there is one and only one social responsibility of business – to use its resources and engage in activities designed to increase its profits so long as it stays within the rules of the game, which is to say, engages in open and free competition without deception or fraud.”
LONDON – On September 16, 1992, a date that lives in infamy in the United Kingdom as “Black Wednesday,” the Bank of England abandoned its efforts to keep the British pound within its permitted band in the European exchange-rate mechanism.
The Asian financial crisis of 1997-1998 convinced governments and central banks that countries that maintained exchange controls were able to weather the storm better than countries that embraced liberalization.
Sarkozy’s rhetoric suggests that he hankers after new international agreements on exchange rates, and, indeed, perhaps a new global reserve currency.
But the long run can be long indeed, and the influence of speculative capital flows can be substantial and sustained.
Can China Beat Deflation?
But it was too little too late.
The problem with the emergence of these new growth engines is that it enabled China’s leaders to delay important structural reforms.
Complicating this effort is the fact that, unlike in 1997-2002, China cannot absorb overcapacity by stimulating real-estate investment and exports.
The Renminbi Challenge
Meanwhile, Malaysia, Nigeria, and Chile have already acquired modest amounts of renminbi reserves.
Falling prey to a crisis would not exactly encourage international use of China’s currency.
Until now, constraints on decision-making by the general secretary of the Chinese Communist Party, the country’s highest-ranking official, have been – how to put it politely? – limited.
Poison-Proofing China
Eggs contaminated that year with melamine caused kidney stones and renal failure in children.
Only a few decades ago, China was a poor, largely rural country with an agrarian economy and almost no middle class. Today, it boasts the world’s second-largest economy, a thriving manufacturing sector, and a rapidly growing, prosperous middle class, while more than half of China’s 1.5 billion citizens now live in cities. 
Some have thus called upon major emerging countries to step up and use their huge foreign-exchange reserves to purchase the debt of crisis-ravaged countries, such as Greece, Italy, and Spain.
The EU is China’s largest trading partner, accounting for $383 billion in merchandise exports in 2010.
China’s sovereign wealth fund and non-bank financial institutions have been eager to invest in well-established Western banks.
Can Chinese Industry Be Made Safe?
Even though China instituted new initiatives in industrial safety at the beginning of 2003, official estimates indicate that industrial accident deaths increased by almost 10% last year.
In recent decades, some of the most dangerous work has been shipped overseas (ironically, much of it to China).
There are many different ways that legal systems can respond to occupational safety problems.
Edicts and exhortations from the State Council are all well and good.
Similarly, an American citizen carried out the worst terrorist attack in the United States before September 11, 2001.
Democracy, however, is more than just elections. It also requires tolerance of minorities and respect for individual rights, as well as the development of effective institutions for resolving political conflicts in divided societies.
The Bush administration may be correct in arguing that the extremely high costs and risks of promoting democracy are less than the costs and risks of allowing the authoritarian status quo in the Middle east to persist indefinitely.
After all, this time it was not they that had engaged in financial excess, and their economic fundamentals looked strong.
Moreover, slow growth in the advanced economies need not exert a drag on developing countries’ performance.
Worse still, labor has been displaced from more productive tradable activities (in manufacturing) to less productive informal activities (services).
These institutions reflected American interests, but they also codified certain norms of behavior – rule-based decision-making, non-discrimination, multilateralism, transparency – which eventually came to constrain American power as well.
To have a significant impact on Italian and Spanish borrowing costs, the latest effort must be big enough to dispel the convertibility risk that underlies the extreme polarization of government bond yields across the eurozone: investors are loathe to hold Spanish and Italian debt, because they fear that both countries might be forced to leave the currency union.
In nominal terms, Italian and Spanish borrowing costs are indeed comparable to the levels of the late 1990’s.
The polarization of borrowing costs has politically explosive distributional effects: Germany is borrowing and refinancing its existing debt at artificially low interest rates.
And it is the ECB’s credibility problem, not that of member states, that is the principal reason for unsustainably high borrowing costs in Italy, Spain, and other distressed eurozone countries.
But East Asia’s wide variety of political systems makes such a democratic consensus highly unlikely, at least for now.
In contrast to Europe, East Asia is composed of states that are radically different in terms of their size, development, and political-economic systems.
The nuclear disaster in Fukushima, Japan, could give rise to another issue-specific regional institution, this one focused on nuclear safety.
But will the political transition ultimately lead to democracy?
In the same way, the Muslim Brotherhood could seize power in Egypt and impose a far more oppressive regime than Mubarak’s ever was.
After they overthrew communism in 1989, the peoples of Central Europe gravitated to democracy because that was the prevailing form of government in the countries of Western Europe, with which they strongly identified.
The fact that the large protest movement that suddenly materialized has, until now, been a peaceful one also counts as an advantage for building democracy.
High growth and financial stability in emerging economies are helping to facilitate the massive adjustment facing industrial countries.
This is likely to continue.
Fortunately, several emerging economies continue to have cushions and shock absorbers.
Political and policy narratives are becoming more domestic and narrow, while the international agenda and the pursuit of collective common global interests are having greater difficulty being heard.
But they do not operate in a vacuum.
Global economic instability correlates strongly with energy-price volatility.
Its membership remains restricted to OECD countries, even though surging demand from non-member countries like China and India is rapidly undermining the IEA’s ability to speak for, and coordinate responses among, oil importers as a group.
As is true of other global problems, much depends on the capacity and willingness of the most powerful national governments to find ways to act collectively.
Multinational companies were a driving force in Eastern Europe’s postcommunist transition, bringing new skills, technology, training, and better working conditions.
By contrast, African countries often see the worst sides of multinationals: energy, mineral, and precious metal companies go where resources are, not where it’s pleasant to work.
Enter Smicor, a subsidiary of Israel’s Leviev group that currently produces only a small proportion of the country’s diamond output but wants more exploration licenses. In 2004, Smicor promised to establish the higher-value diamond-cutting business that the government craves, and has since recruited and trained 400 workers in a new plant in the capital, Windhoek.
Poor traders like Rosalia want real shops, and for some, Namibia Beverages, the local bottling operation of Coca-Cola, is answering the call with sturdy iron cabins that are spacious, portable, and easily secured.
The fact is, the BP oil spill is on the cusp of becoming a political game-changer of historic proportions.
A carbon tax can help preserve the atmosphere while also discouraging some of the most exotic and risky energy-exploration activities by making them unprofitable.
But they might be radicalized by the prospect of inheriting a badly damaged ecosystem.
ATHENS ­­– Even as the European Union and the International Monetary Fund lay the groundwork for a giant first-round bailout, debate is swirling about whether Greece can avoid sovereign default.
Indeed, the historical evidence slams you over the head with the fact that, whereas government debt can drift upward inexorably for years, the end usually comes quite suddenly.
Some countries are almost inevitably going to experience bailouts and defaults.
But you cannot outrun a lion, says the other man, to which the first replies: “I don’t have to outrun the lion. I just have to outrun you.”
Can Green Trade Tariffs Combat Climate Change?
European Commission President José Manuel Barroso, French President Nicolas Sarkozy and industrial chambers of commerce strongly advocate a similar tariff system, leading many analysts to predict that the EU will also adopt some sort of green tariff system in the next few years.
Despite the threat of trade wars, trade sanctions could emerge as the most effective means of forcing international action on global warming.
Indeed, Article 22 of that charter reveals that Hamas views the Jews (together with the Freemasons and other nefarious organizations like Rotary International and the Lions Club), as responsible for the French and Bolshevik Revolutions, World War I, and World War II.
Yet, at the same time, the US supports Abu Mazen, trying to undermine the Hamas government, thus casting a shadow on the credibility of its own commitment to democracy.
But that decision, and its moral costs, remains in the hands of the Palestinians alone.
Its deployment in Lebanon, its fighting capacity, and its thousands of missiles are all still intact.
Without the ability to resupply itself, Hezbollah would emerge from any future war a significantly weakened force.
Strategically, Hezbollah fears that if Assad falls, and if it loses the ability to resupply itself rapidly and effectively as a result, Israel will take advantage by unleashing another war against it.
Sinai is hardly alone.
But this economic logic does not apply in the case of increases in oil prices.
A tax on oil, however, does not entail excess burdens. On the contrary, it implies excess benefits .
The first is to rely on deterrence and live with an Iran that has a small nuclear arsenal or the ability to assemble one with little advance notice.
This hypothesis may soon get a real-world test.
The compromise that Iranian officials are suggesting is nowhere near what they would have to accept to avert military action and gain an easing of sanctions.
It is possible that the new economic and political context will lead Iran’s rulers to accept what they have rebuffed until now.
Can Italy Survive Berlusconi?
During Berlusconi’s tenure in office, his enormous personal assets have tripled.
His campaign rhetoric highlights anti-communism with an emphasis not seen in Italy since 1948, coupled with a defense of the family and values cherished by the Roman Catholic establishment, although the Church has so far resisted being drawn into the campaign.
This is reminiscent of an army that, fearing defeat on the battlefield, poisons the wells as it retreats.
Italians must decide upon the sort of Italy they want if they are to get leaders of the stature they need.
The low level of intraregional trade, despite the SADC and COMESA, reflects several factors, including a range of non-tariff barriers – mainly communication and transport problems, customs procedures and charges, and a lack of market information.
The new initiative calls for all member states to harmonize their economic, fiscal, and monetary policies completely, beginning with currency convertibility and followed by exchange-rate unification and, finally, a common currency. Several currencies have attained some measure of regional convertibility, which should encourage monetary harmonization and promote intraregional trade, as countries’ trade flows shift from partners that require payment in foreign currency.
Indeed, South Africa and Angola alone accounted for 73% of the region’s inward FDI in 2003.
It detonated a hydrogen bomb in 1952, only one year after the US, and it was the first to launch a satellite into space, in 1957.
In the late 1970’s, a “Committee on the Present Danger” argued that Soviet power was surpassing that of the US, and the 1980 American election reflected such fears.
Whereas ethnic Russians comprised only 50% of the Soviet Union’s population, they now make up 81% of the Russian Federation.
But, as Katinka Barysch of the Centre for European Reform argues, Russian leaders’ concept of modernization is overly statist, particularly given that public institutions function so badly.
Can Russia be Saved?
With oil prices plummeting 70% from their peak (and similar price declines for metals, Russia’s other major export), it is no surprise that Russia is facing severe economic challenges.
In the last two months of 2008, the central bank allowed the ruble to weaken at a rate of 1% per week, then at 2-3% per week.
A massive liquidity injection by the government ensured that no major bank collapsed, and minor bank failures were administered in a surprisingly orderly fashion.
All the ugly facts that Russians ignored during the years of fast economic growth are bubbling to the surface.
Then, in the 1990’s, the government abandoned negotiations when the FARC assassinated a former secretary of state.
And they have.
The agenda will focus on ending the conflict, without endless discussion of theoretical or doctrinaire questions.
VIENNA– Europe’s current financial squeeze defies easy solutions.
So why, critics ask, does Europe produce many novel scientific ideas and discoveries, but fail to transform them into marketable products?
For example, it could lead to more environmentally friendly and resource-efficient uses of natural resources, or to investment in services that are more responsive to human needs and better attuned to human interaction.
This was the case in 1700, and it remains true today.
DAKAR – Senegal’s people are deeply disenchanted.
Thousands marched in protest to the National Assembly in June, and the amendment has since been withdrawn.
During the global recession in 2009, Africa and Asia were the only two regions where GDP rose.
Due to its superior infrastructure relative to Senegal, Ghana has attracted many billions of dollars more in foreign investment and records much higher trade volumes.
This much we know: terrorism is fueled by anger and frustration.
Until then, all means are legitimate when fighting a powerful and wicked enemy.
Moreover, appeasement is based on the dangerous assumption that the extremists’ objectives are limited – that once they attain their stated goals by using violence, they will become responsible members of the world community.
In some societies, democracy is simply a way for the majority to repress the minority.
Can the Elephant Dance with the Dragon?
If China wants to build a new six-lane expressway, it can bulldoze its way through any village in its path.
But it has been a while since Indians and Chinese had much to do with each other.
The key operating components of Apple’s iPod were invented by the Hyderabad company PortalPlayer, while the iPod itself are manufactured in China.
What could replace them?
But Germany (and its Constitutional Court), partly following popular opinion, has opposed giving Greece the help that it needs.
Assume that the euro was set so that trade in the eurozone as a whole was roughly in balance.
The social and economic consequences of the current arrangements should be unacceptable.
Can the Euro Zone Survive Economic Recovery?
But, as the overall economy of the euro zone improves, the ECB will start to reduce liquidity and raise the short-term interest rate, which will be more appropriate for some countries than for others.
Greece, Ireland, Portugal, and even Italy are often cited as countries that might benefit from being able to pursue an independent monetary policy and allow their currencies to adjust to more competitive levels.
Because individuals from the departing country could continue to hold euros, leaving the EMU would not cause a loss of existing wealth.
Russia’s gradual inclusion in the G-8 was supposed to nurture the growth of democracy, foster creation of a free-market economy, and encourage constructive behavior in international relations.
In these circumstances, given Russia’s continuing failure to meet the G-8’s political and economic standards, the upcoming summit in St. Petersburg could produce a backlash, eroding the legitimacy, credibility, and relevance of the world’s most developed countries.
But to hold a G-8 meeting in St. Petersburg in an atmosphere of “business as usual” may be even more dangerous.
Incredibly, the US is now soaking up roughly two-thirds of all global net saving, a situation without historical precedent.
Though the exact details remain to be decided, such steps might include more exchange-rate flexibility in China, and perhaps a promise from the US to show greater commitment to fiscal restraint.
What better way for new US Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson, a card-carrying environmentalist, to make a dramatic entrance onto the world policy stage?
And now that France, reeling from the Paris attacks, has declared war on the Islamic State, other European countries are shrugging their shoulders, mumbling condolences, and silently hoping that the conflict will spare them.
Moreover, the proposed measures would compound Europe’s public-debt problems by reducing interest-rate spreads among countries even further, sustaining asset-price bubbles, and destroying the capital market’s allocative role.
Given this, it is understandable that France prefers fiscal to political unification.
It is time for the EU to change its approach to integration.
Basically, it all boiled down to a grand bargain: while developing countries would obviously have primary responsibility for achieving the MDGs, developed countries would be obliged to finance and support their efforts for development.
Developed country tariffs on imports of agricultural products, textiles, and clothing – the principal exports of most developing countries – remained between 5% and 8% in 2008, just 2-3 percentage points lower than in 1998.
We must change the way the world goes about the business of providing development aid.
Many countries are prevented from trading their way out of poverty by the high tariff barriers, domestic subsidies, and other protections enjoyed by their rich-country competitors.
At first glance, monetizing an abundant natural resource (solar energy) to strengthen the national accounts sounds like a straightforward idea, particular given that electricity in central and northern Europe is becoming more scarce and expensive, owing to Germany’s decision earlier this year to phase out nuclear power.

This would make German support for renewables cheaper and generate some income in Greece, without compromising on European renewables deployment. But no one should expect to strike solar gold.
So much has changed since then.
Iran’s long-standing opposition to relations with the US is a bit more complex.
Instead, they have concrete demands, like jobs and political and social freedom.
The two are related: more tourists might boost the economy, but they would damage Bhutan’s environment and culture, and so reduce happiness in the long run.
One important question is whether we see happiness as the surplus of pleasure over pain experienced over a lifetime, or as the degree to which we are satisfied with our lives.
We may agree that our goal ought to be promoting happiness, rather than income or gross domestic product, but, if we have no objective measure of happiness, does this make sense? John Maynard Keynes famously said: “I would rather be vaguely right than precisely wrong.”
One controversial law that did go ahead recently – and that indicates how willing the government is to take tough measures that it believes will maximize overall happiness – is a ban on the sale of tobacco.
This is unfortunate.
Indeed, when deciding how much disaster aid to offer, countries often seem to be influenced mainly by their leaders’ concerns about how others will view them.
Moreover, designing new risk-management products is not easy. Insurance companies face inherent difficulties in measuring risks, and they must tailor their policies creatively around the human foibles that limit uptake.
The Kyoto Protocol created a mechanism for trading carbon dioxide emissions, which promises to manage the risks of an even bigger potential disaster: global warming.
The lesson is clear: even high-class businesses are only as professional as the existing institutional infrastructure permits them to be.
Finally, crises are highly non-linear events, which means that they occur without much warning.
Extreme fiscal imbalance can also lead to a growth trap in which fiscal consolidation has such a large negative effect on growth as to be self-defeating.
Asset bubbles are hard to identify with certainty.
This seems wrong.
If one believes that market instability is rare, then it is reasonable to refuse to act unless there is a compelling case to do so.
If more screening can detect breast cancer in asymptomatic women in their 40’s, wouldn’t it also detect cancer in women in their 30’s? And, if so, why not, reductio ad absurdum, begin monthly mammograms at age 15?
A related concern is measurement.
If your doctor tells you that you have tested positive, does this mean that you are likely to have the cancer? Surprisingly, the answer is no.
Moreover, the patients who receive these faulty diagnoses will usually receive further treatments, which often will have harmful consequences.
2011 में मैंने जब रवांडा में काम करना शुरू किया तभी मैं इस बात को पूरी तरह से समझ पाई कि मुझे जो उपकरण मिले हुए हैं वे कितने शक्तिशाली हैं और उनके न होने का क्या असर होता है। किगाली में केंद्रीय सार्वजनिक रेफरल अस्पताल में बाल-चिकित्सा कैंसर वार्ड में जाना समय से पीछे चले जाने जैसा था। विल्म्स ट्यूमर, जो एक तरह का गुर्दे का कैंसर होता है और वयस्कों को विरले ही कभी होता है, से ग्रसित रवांडा के बच्चों में पाए गए परिणाम हू-बहू अमेरिका में 80 साल पहले के समान थे, ये उन दवाओं की उपलब्धता से पहले के थे जिनसे आज इस रोगनिदान वाले 90% से अधिक अमेरिकी बच्चे जीवित रहने में सक्षम होते हैं।
कैंसर की वैश्विक मृत्यु दरों को कम करने के लिए सबसे कुशल दृष्टिकोण यह होगा कि विकासशील देशों में कैंसर के रोगियों को मौजूदा उपचार मुहैया कराए जाएँ। इसमें कैंसर के इलाज के लिए उस तरह के अंतर्राष्ट्रीय वित्तपोषण को भी जोड़ें, जिसे एड्स राहत के लिए अमेरिकी राष्ट्रपति की आपातकालीन योजना और ग्लोबल फंड के माध्यम से एचआईवी/एड्स के लिए जुटाया गया था, इससे विकासशील देशों में कैंसर से होनेवाली मृत्यु दरों में भारी कमी हो सकती है, और जल्दी भी।
For some health issues – such as elevated cholesterol – screening yields positive results: a simple blood test measures the amounts of good and bad cholesterol in the blood, making it easier to detect related cardiovascular disease, which could lead to heart attacks or strokes.
But screening’s benefits are not as straightforward as supporters claim.
Yet many refuse to give up screening.
BALTIMORE – As each new day brings word of another Wall Street bailout even more colossal than the last, one question presents itself with ever-increasing force: why does America’s economy perform so badly under Republican presidents?
Nor are there clearly identifiable differences in doctrine that should translate into a reasonable expectation of better economic performance under one party than the other.
What do we learn from this example? It’s hard to say.
MELBOURNE – Is the global financial crisis an opportunity to forge a new form of capitalism based on sound values?
But will the downturn also produce a deeper shift in the values of consumers?
In his inauguration speech, American President Barack Obama said, “The time has come to set aside childish things” and instead to choose the noble idea that “all are equal, all are free, and all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness.”
If people were really concerned about defensible moral values, they wouldn’t be buying designer clothes at all.
But, unlike the US Federal Reserve, it has not lowered key interest rates, which is what matters most to firms and households.
A US subsidiary of Deutsche Bank, for example, has been barred by an American court from foreclosing on a house because it could not demonstrate ownership.
The average real wage has been flat in the US for 20 years, with 1% of the population capturing all of the gains brought about by a 50% growth in GDP during this period.
We in the developed world live in democracies.
Like the financial crisis itself, this trend is now global.
That pattern is being repeated elsewhere.
Our first glimpse of the trouble in coordinating an international response to the financial crisis came last November, during the emergency G-20 summit in Washington.
They have mismanaged their way into a deep crisis, betraying all of the lofty promises of unity and prosperity issued when the euro was created.
Many firms are able to renegotiate financing terms with their creditors – typically extending the maturity of their liabilities, which enables them to borrow more to finance new, better projects.
And yet, in the end, Greece had little choice but to restructure its debt, cutting the value of private claims by about 75% relative to their face value (although even this is probably not enough to make the country’s debt burden sustainable).
They stood to lose billions, and many financial-sector employees stood to lose their jobs.
STOCKHOLM – A quiet revolution is taking place in the financial industry.
Meanwhile, the divestment movement is snowballing, with faith-based communities, municipalities, celebrities, trade unions, universities, and institutional investors all pledging to unload their fossil-fuel assets.
According to the International Energy Agency, two-thirds of these reserves must be kept in the ground if the world is to avoid runaway climate change, which implies that companies may not be able to exploit their full economic potential.
A range of institutions are starting to embrace sustainable development considerations in their financial decision-making.
पेरिस सम्मेलन से पहले किए गए अध्ययनों में यह सुझाया गया है कि अंतरराष्ट्रीय सहयोग से ग्रीन हाउस गैसों को तेजी से कम किया जा सकता है। इनमें स्थानीय प्रदूषण की कमी, ऊर्जा और खाद्य की अधिक से अधिक सुरक्षा, और तेजी से नवाचार सहित, जलवायु परिवर्तन पर त्वरित कार्रवाई करने से परोक्ष रूप से मिल सकनेवाले लाभों पर भी प्रकाश डाला गया है। कम कार्बनवाली अर्थव्यवस्था की दिशा में कार्रवाई में तेजी लाने के लिए एक अंतरराष्ट्रीय समझौता सभी देशों पर लागू होना चाहिए; इसकी निगरानी, रिपोर्टिंग, और जाँच करने के लिए एक सामान्य और सतत प्रणाली सम्मिलित की जानी चाहिए; और वैश्विक स्तर पर भारी आर्थिक प्रोत्साहन प्रदान किए जाने चाहिए।

At the International Monetary Fund, the focus is on reforming its member countries’ fiscal systems in order to raise more revenue from taxes on carbon-intensive fuels and less revenue from other taxes that are detrimental to economic performance, such as taxes on labor and capital.
The Group is leveraging its experience and global reach for learning and knowledge exchange through programs like the Partnership for Market Readiness.
That makes sense.
It is this moral aspect that makes care-givers, and at times even care-receivers, feel more “present” – and thus more fully human.
Care-giving, as illustrated by our case, includes what happens when hope and consolation are abandoned, when theodicy ends, and when all there is to do is to be present with the sufferer, sharing his or her suffering by simply – and usually silently – being there.
Doctors are no different from laypersons in drawing on personal and cultural resources –involving imagination, responsibility, sensibility, insight, and communication – to accomplish their care-giving.
TOKYO – The automobile – long a symbol of freedom, status, and success – is at a crossroads.
But safety is improving.
The auto industry can also make a vital contribution to the environment.
In 1999, Brazil, Russia, India, and China accounted for a mere 8% of vehicle sales worldwide; by 2012, their combined sales had reached a staggering 35% of the global total.
COPENHAGEN – For the better part of a decade, I have upset many climate activists by pointing out that there are far better ways to stop global warming than trying to persuade governments to force or bribe their citizens into slashing their reliance on fuels that emit carbon dioxide.
Of course, such a rise would not be a trivial problem. It would affect about 400 million people, force the relocation of 15 million, and imply costly protection of the rest.
For example, traffic accidents claim an estimated 1.2 million lives every year.
Perhaps it is because we experience the downside of excessive traffic regulation or security measures every day, while the downside of bad climate policy is more of an abstraction. It shouldn’t be, for the risks posed by bad climate policy deserve just as much attention as the risks of worse-than-expected climate impacts – maybe more.
The European Union has committed itself and its member states to increase aid flows to 0.56% of GDP by 2010 and 0.7% by 2015 − with a big focus on Africa.
It is an agenda for improved partnerships, reduced transaction costs, and increased efficiency.
Would dispensing aid by making cash transfers directly to the poorest work better?
It would certainly be costly, but not out of reach if African aid is doubled.
WASHINGTON , DC – China has weathered the Great Recession well.
One key idea was to lighten the tax burden on labor . Taking into account the personal-income tax and various social contributions, taxation of labor income in China is too high . To be sure, taxes are needed to finance social spending, but revenue sources other than taxes on labor income could do the job.
In addition, a comprehensive nationwide housing policy is urgently needed to ensure that housing remains affordable, particularly for those on limited incomes.
Distortions in key prices that favor capital-intensive manufacturing need to be removed by raising the cost of land, energy, water, and capital.
Tourism has been stagnant for decades, even as travelers have flocked to other Caribbean destinations.
For example, Puerto Rico is subject to the Jones Act, which requires using very costly US-built ships and crews for all sea transport to and from the mainland.
Successive Puerto Rican governments thought that the island’s economy was in “recession” and attempted to spur activity by increasing government spending.
Companies cannot compete with firms that pay much lower wage rates on neighboring islands.
Bills to make Puerto Rico eligible for Chapter 9 are being introduced in Congress.
The regime of former President Viktor Yanukovych was dancing to the Kremlin's tune, and my confinement ended only because of the courage of the millions of Ukrainians who demanded its ouster.
Simply trusting the Kremlin's “goodwill" would be reckless.
But the earthquake that Russia triggered in Ukraine has also exposed dangerous fault lines across Europe.
The continent's Euroskeptic political parties, on both the left and the right, are holding up Putin's authoritarian nationalism as a model for the type of illiberal regime they would seek to establish should the EU dissolve.
A West that is divided in this crisis cannot stand.
The real losers of the election were the Social Democrats, with a drop in support of 11% that is without precedent in the very stable history of German electoral behavior.  Some on the left claim that the SPD’s catastrophic result was the product of too close an engagement with liberalism and deregulation.  According to this view, the party is now paying the price for Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder’s successful attempts at economic reform in the early 2000’s.  It seems more likely that the party was punished for its lackluster electoral campaign, and for the negativity with which it tried to present the outcome of the election (the center-right coalition) as a threat to social peace in Germany.

Indeed, Western journalists and news organizations seem to accept as a fact of life censorship within countries that routinely control the media.
It also explains why journalists in those countries have so often bent over backwards to apologize for individual transgressions, rather than stand in defiance.
We should consider the front pages of every free nation’s newspapers as a precious set of documents, to be replicated and shared openly throughout the world, especially in countries where heavy state censorship exists.
Weak, fiscally challenged governments, endemic corruption, struggling economics, and high levels of crime have made these three small countries difficult places to live.
In 2014, Honduras alone had more homicides than the 28 European Union member states combined.
The project is timely and well conceived, embodying the long-term approach that will be essential to bring about structural change and, one hopes, contain migration flows.
Central America needs help. But only change from within can ensure a future in which the region’s young people choose to build their lives at home.
Such was the scale of the necessary transition that neither modern macroeconomics, nor the International Monetary Fund’s nearly 50 years of experience, offered much guidance.
Financing from the IMF, the World Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and bilateral lenders, along with debt relief from official and commercial bank creditors, helped relieve the pressure.
Looking ahead, one can envision two broad scenarios.
The sudden death in late December of Saparmurat Niyazov, Turkmenistan’s authoritarian president-for-life who declared himself “Turkmenbashi” (Leader of all Turkmens), jeopardizes stability in a country that is an increasingly important supplier of energy to Europe.
Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan are also major exporters of natural gas.
In the long run, Russia and China are likely to be rivals for power and influence in Central Asia.
However, the political situation in Kyrgyzstan is far from stable. Discontent with President Kurmanbek Bakiyev’s rule is rising.
As Afghan President Hamid Karzai is said by his critics to be on the verge of casting his lot with Pakistan and the Taliban, the Pentagon has signaled its fear that the war may spread beyond the Pashtun heartland to the largely Tajik and Uzbek areas in the north of the country.
Unlike his neighbors, he opened the border to desperate refugees, mostly women, children, and the elderly.
Uzbekistan, which ought to welcome all the help it can get and probably doesn’t object to greater OSCE involvement in principle, is nonetheless dragging its feet, supposedly because of jealousy over all the attention Kazakhstan is gaining from its chairmanship.
That is something big to worry about, regardless of whether one is in government.
But, in order to coordinate energy strategies and strengthen energy security, last year the organization launched a club that unites energy-producing and energy-consuming states, transit countries, and private companies.
It has no rapid-reaction force and does not engage in regular political deliberations.
The EU has money and the SCO organization, most of whose members border Afghanistan, has trained personnel and direct experience in the region.
Consideration also needs to be given, therefore, to the establishment of a NATO-China Council, along the lines of the NATO-Russia Council, and to the creation of arrangements that would facilitate greater cooperation with the SCO as a whole.
This prompted the ECB Council to leave 80% of those bond purchases on the balance sheets of national central banks, where they will be the responsibility of national governments.
It follows that a consideration that ranks only fourth in terms of priorities should not be allowed to dictate policy.
The SNB's motive, it appears, was entirely political.
The same criticism applies to the loss-sharing arrangements that the ECB attached to its quantitative easing.
On the contrary, major central banks’ growth and inflation forecasts in the years since the financial crisis have consistently overestimated both growth and inflation – and by wide margins.
Moreover, the digital revolution in media has elevated the role of business news, one of the few profit centers for print and broadcast journalism in many countries.
This makes policy opinions that come straight from the horse’s mouth almost uniquely valuable.
The Trouble With Financial Bubbles
It is fair to say that the debate has moved on a little since 2008.
At the Lima meeting, the traditionalist counterview came from Benoît Cœuré of the European Central Bank.
And, if all else fails to achieve financial stability, central banks could change interest rates.
CHICAGO – Poor Ben Bernanke!
The answer lies in their view of the root cause of continued high unemployment: excessively high real interest rates.
First, while low rates might encourage spending if credit were easy, it is not at all clear that traditional savers today would go out and spend.
If these debt-free savers are in New York City, which did not experience as much of a boom and a bust, cutting real interest rates will encourage spending on haircuts in New York City, which already has plenty of demand, but not in Las Vegas, which has too little.
Clearly, improving indebted households’ ability to refinance at low current interest rates could help to reduce their debt burden, as would writing off some mortgage debt in cases where falling house prices have left borrowers deep underwater (that is, the outstanding mortgage exceeds the house’s value).
The Czech Republic has a strong record of supporting free expression, curbing surveillance, and promoting transparency, but Hungary persecutes bloggers and publishers with heavy fines and other sanctions.
Legislation must to be modernized to reflect developments in the online world and to recognize the enormous shift in personal communication and news delivery. In Slovakia, online journalists do not enjoy the same legal protection as print journalists.
And yet, in the meantime, Poland's foreign ministry has not made Internet freedom a priority.
Yet Poland, like many of the other new democracies in our region, remains stuck in the past when it comes to the humane treatment of drug users.
In Hungary, for example, the penal code calls for two years imprisonment for personal possession by a drug-dependent person.
In a step forward, a debate in the Polish parliament on the proposed drug law is set to start in September.
Nor would internal reforms work, because the Soviets would intervene to save the system, as they did in 1968 in Czechoslovakia.
A whole generation felt that the moment had come when Hungarians could at last determine their own future.
But Europe must nonetheless recognize the need to distinguish clearly between partners, competitors, and opponents, and to formulate a more sophisticated and articulated policy towards Russia, in particular.
The question for the European elite is whether we believe in the work of the past 20 years, whether we believe in an integrated European market and an ever-widening European Community.
यह प्रवृत्ति आंशिक रूप से मातृ मौतों को कम करने के प्रयासों की सफलता को दर्शाती है। 1990 से, महिलाओं की प्रसव के कारण होनेवाली मौतों की संख्या लगभग आधी होकर 2,89,000 प्रति वर्ष हो गई है। तथापि, उसी अवधि के दौरान, गर्भाशय ग्रीवा के कैंसर से होने वाली वार्षिक मौतों में लगभग 40% की वृद्धि होने से इनकी संख्या 2,66,000 हो गई है। हालाँकि देखभाल के बेहतर स्तरों के कारण मातृ मृत्यु दरों में कमी होती जा रही है, गर्भाशय ग्रीवा के कैंसर से होने वाली मौतों में और बढ़ोतरी होने की संभावना है। 2035 तक, इस बीमारी के फलस्वरूप हर वर्ष 4,16,000 महिलाओं के धीरे-धीरे और दर्द से मरने की संभावना है - लगभग ये सभी मौतें विकासशील देशों (ज्यादातर उप सहारा अफ्रीका और दक्षिण एशिया) में होंगी।
अमीर देशों में, एचपीवी टीकों की कीमत अक्सर प्रति खुराक 100 डॉलर से भी अधिक रखी जाती है। लेकिन वैक्सीन एलायंस, गावी ने निर्माताओं को विकासशील देशों में इसकी कीमतों को कम रखने के लिए राज़ी किया है। हाल ही में, हमने एचपीवी के टीकों के लिए अब तक की सबसे कम कीमत $4.50 प्रति ख़ुराक हासिल की है, जिससे 27 देशों में उन सबसे गरीब लाखों लड़कियों के लिए अवसर खुल गए हैं जिन्हें यह टीका लगाया जाना है। हमारा अनुमान है कि 2020 तक, गावी द्वारा 40 से अधिक विकासशील देशों में 30 मिलियन से अधिक लड़कियों की एचपीवी से रक्षा के लिए टीका लगवाने में मदद की जा चुकी होगी।

The opposition is now represented mostly by professional democratic politicians who not only united a wide group of factions, but also displaced the “Salvadores de la Patria” (the Nation’s Saviors) – a group accustomed to leading the opposition from the reception rooms of the capital’s hotels.
Indeed, the shadows of militarism that have appeared over the Chávez regime may well have unnerved a majority of Venezuelans, who wonder who the next adversary to be pursued will be.
वाशिंगटन, डीसी - एक लंबे समय तक, पहले कॉलेज के प्रोफेसर के रूप में और उसके बाद भारत सरकार के मुख्य आर्थिक सलाहकार के रूप में, मैं वैश्विक गरीबी पर विश्व बैंक के आंकड़ों की प्रवृत्तियों पर नज़र रखने और विभिन्न देशों में उनके स्वरूपों का विश्लेषण करनेवाला एक संतुष्ट उपयोगकर्ता था। मैं शायद ही कभी यह सोचने के लिए रुका हूँगा कि उन संख्याओं की गणना किस तरह की जाती है। फिर, तीन साल पहले, मैंने विश्व बैंक में इसके मुख्य अर्थशास्त्री के रूप में पदभार ग्रहण किया। यह मानो उस ग्राहक की तरह था जो अपने पसंदीदा रेस्तरां में मस्ती से रात के खाने के लिए ऑर्डर दे रहा हो और उसे अचानक रसोई में जाकर भोजन तैयार करने के लिए कहा जाए।



Higher food prices meant that poor people, already struggling to meet basic human needs, were pushed deeper into poverty.
Many are malnourished or hungry.
In turn, this can spur sustainable non-farm employment growth in services, agro-processing, and small-scale manufacturing.
Given their central role not only as mothers and caregivers, but also as farmers, rural women hold the key to food security.
The possibility of military intervention in Syria, together with the deteriorating situation in Egypt since the army’s coup, has placed the region on a razor’s edge.
The civil war in Syria, meanwhile, has inflamed the Sunni-Shia fault line that traverses the entire region, and that defines, for example, the rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran.
That is a grave mistake, because progress in the negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program would create a more propitious climate for resolving the region’s other problems.
There is an expression in Iran that applies to the international community: “You can wake only someone who is sleeping, not someone who is pretending to be asleep.”
The general impression before the election was that Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Hosseini Khamenei, supported either Saeed Jalili or Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf.&#160;In recent years, Jalili has been the leading Iranian representative in international negotiations over the country’s nuclear program.
Conservatives tried to convince their candidates to unite behind a single figure, but weaker candidates did not drop out in favor of a unity candidate.
When Ahmadinejad came to power, Rowhani lost his position as the Council’s secretary, but became Khamenei’s personal representative to it – a post that he has held until now.
Iran’s government can no longer claim that the nuclear program is a national cause with broad support.
So a great deal is at stake, both internally and externally.
The structural evolution that underpins growth will increasingly be driven by market opportunities and entrepreneurial initiative.
As the scope of the private sector expands, legal structures and policies that support competition, entry and exit, market openness, intellectual property, and social safety nets will also be needed.
No longer.
Designing that system will be an important part of achieving the high-return investment and expanded consumption that Chinese leaders want – and that China’s economy needs.
Yet the United States has refused to sign the Kyoto Protocol, which does little to change the long-term course of events on the planet, since it calls for only small steps up to the year 2012.
Solar power is plentiful but not cheap.
There is strong evidence, however, that it would not cost the world huge amounts to undertake large-scale carbon capture and storage.
Let’s press our governments to make real progress when they meet; otherwise they will merely be adding to the problem.
Kini, mereka secara bertahap mengambil tindakan untuk menghapuskan subsisi, mengikuti harga pasar, dan meningkatkan efisiensi – jenis kebijakan yang biasanya diasosiasikan dengan negara-negara pengimpor minyak.
Risikonya adalah perubahan-perubahan yang cepat ini akan menyatu dengan geopolitik yang tidak stabil untuk memicu kemunduran dari pasar energi global.
Seiring dengan Uni Eropa merevisi baik kebijakan energi maupun kebijakan luar negerinya, Uni Eropa sebaiknya tidak melewatkan kesempatan untuk mengintegrasikan dialog kebijakan energi terbuka ke dalam rencananya.
Concentrated in coastal China, this model produced an uneven distribution of output and established a unique pattern of high savings and low consumption.
This implies the need to upgrade China’s industrial structure, accelerate the formation of human capital, facilitate technological progress, and undertake further institutional reforms.
And yet the high volume and inferior quality of these assets have also posed challenges to the country’s ability to complete the transition from trade power to financial power, and thus to exploit the competitive advantages of Chinese capital.
They also have sanitation and safe drinking water.
Of course, some nations do better: Sweden, Norway, Denmark, The Netherlands, and Luxembourg all exceed the United Nations target of allocating the equivalent of 0.7% of gross national income in foreign aid.
That is not a good basis for future cooperation between rich and poor countries on issues such as climate change.
The Twitter hashtag #killallMoslems has been around since 2011.
And, given the fear campaign propagated by Al Qaeda and its affiliates, on the one hand, and right-wing racists, on the other, many people are unaware that Muslims are actually a very small minority in all European (and Western) countries.
Unfortunately, as the horrific murder of 77 people by Anders Breivik in my adopted country of Norway has shown us, it only takes one organization or one individual to commit an atrocity, whatever a society’s level of education and living standards.
No one should presume that European Muslims must apologize or explain the actions of a terrorist organization with a cult-like religious ideology, just as no one expected Norwegians to apologize for Breivik.
In 2005, when I was Prime Minister of Denmark, the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten provoked international controversy by publishing twelve sketches of the Prophet Muhammad.
And, in democracies, you can always take the matter to court.
Others decided not to.
The march of millions in Paris on January 11 was a magnificent expression of solidarity and peace.
And I fully understand the desire to purchase the subsequent issue of Charlie Hebdo, published – with bravery and determination – a week after the attack. People not just in France, but around the world, want to show their solidarity with the victims and support the fundamental principle of free speech.
But people can choose to avoid speech that others will hear as blasphemy.
I worry for our world.” Mobilizing mass demonstrations around whether you “are” or “are not” Charlie Hebdo invites demagoguery from extreme factions in all societies that gain from fueling sectarian conflict.
Achieving lasting change, however, requires addressing not just the consequences of extremism but also its root causes.
This means that it is up to our education systems to intervene early to help the connected generation interact safely in today’s digital world.
Such visible demonstrations of defiance in the face of violence strengthen ties between communities and can prevent the division that extremists try to generate.
Rather, it means identifying and backing those groups whose anti-extremist messages resonate with the intended audience.
In both cases, what seems desirable appears highly improbable.
According to this logic, the “undecided” are actually leaning toward Capriles, and if their number is larger than Chávez’s margin in the polls, the caudillo will lose.
The predictable suspect is former Colombian president Álvaro Uribe.
That is a great pity.
Conversely, every global recession in the past 50 years has been preceded by a sharp increase in oil prices.
But if growth is likely to accelerate next year in oil-consuming economies such as China, what explains plunging oil prices? The answer lies not in China’s economy and oil demand, but in Middle East geopolitics and oil supply.
To find buyers for all this extra oil, roughly equal to the extra output produced by the US shale revolution, Iran will have to compete fiercely not only with Saudi Arabia, but also with Iraq, Kazakhstan, Russia, and other low-cost producers.
यह कल्पना करना मुश्किल है कि भारत के चौथे सबसे बड़े शहर के स्कूल, कॉलेज, आईटी कंपनियाँ, कारखाने, और व्यावसायिक प्रतिष्ठान ठप पड़ गए हैं।  और यहाँ तक कि फ़ोर्ड, डेमलर, बीएमडब्ल्यू, और रेनॉल्ट जैसी वैश्विक कंपनियों ने अपने स्थानीय कारखानों में उत्पादन ठप करने का अभूतपूर्व निर्णय ले लिया है।  चेन्नई का प्रतिष्ठित समाचार पत्र द हिन्दू, 178 साल में पहली बार इसका मुद्रित संस्करण इसलिए नहीं निकाल पाया क्योंकि इसके कर्मचारी काम पर नहीं आ पाए थे (हालांकि इसने साहसपूर्वक इसका ऑनलाइन संस्करण तैयार कर लिया)।


Studies are still under way into elevated rates of cancer and cardiovascular disease among the “liquidators” who worked at the reactor site in the months following the accident.
In part, this is because the initial Soviet response was secretive: Mikhail Gorbachev, the Soviet leader at the time, addressed the issue on television only weeks later, on May 14, 1986.
Some NGO’s and Chernobyl charities have responded with disbelief, citing as evidence the general population’s admittedly poor health.
The children of Chernobyl are all grown up; their interests, and those of their own children, are best served not by continually evoking the nightmare of radiation, but by giving them the tools and authority they need to rebuild their own communities.
With a strong commitment, any country or institution can build it.
Indeed, the amendment not only lacks a clear definition of who belongs in this category; it also fails to identify who will make such decisions.
As Ellen Lutz and Caitlin Reiger have pointed out, “the waxing and waning of political fortunes still dominates the extent to which former leaders are held judicially accountable for their crimes at all.”
Critics should give it time to be tested – and, if necessary, amended – before they condemn it.
Given the huge impact of obesity on health-care costs, life expectancy, and quality of life, it is a topic that merits urgent attention.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, roughly 18% of children aged 6-11 in the US are not just overweight, but obese.
And, in the short term, any income effects could be offset by increased transfers.
Children’s Champions
But a worldwide counter-offensive is now underway.
These young activists may not yet be trending on Twitter or Facebook, or even be household names in their own countries, but support for their cause is growing fast.
The organization A World at School is now circulating the biggest-ever petition in support of the Millennium Development Goal of universal education.
Museums, gardening, clubs of all sorts are blossoming in today’s France.
But it also seeks protection from the dizzying effects of globalization, which probably will mean strong support for the EU’s Common Agricultural Policy, skepticism toward further trade liberalization and the will to improve European Union’s economic government.
So make no mistake about it. Nicolas Sarkozy has not been elected to adapt France to an elusive globalization.
So why should now be different?
Yet a third wall remains, less visible than the others but just as harmful, if not more so.
As Chile deepens its integration with the world, we are also moving forward with structural reforms through which we will be able to improve substantially the quality of education received by millions of our children and youths; retrain three-quarters of Chilean workers over the next four years; grant universal access to broadband Internet service; double our investment in science and technology; promote innovation and entrepreneurship in the public and private sectors; and reduce the time needed to start up a company to one day – and the cost to zero.
Although the government owns Codelco, the world’s largest copper producer, it is Chile’s only publicly owned company.
The government mandates the range of investment strategies, which vary in terms of the share of equities and fixed income that companies may offer.
On average, young people spend an average of 15 years in school from primary through tertiary education.
Even Bachelet’s critics agree that Chile’s basic macroeconomic policies will not change: an independent central bank committed to price stability, a free-trade regime with a floating currency, and a fiscal policy that will keep deficits and public debt low.
With no fees and an entrance system based entirely on merit, students from middle- and working-class families comprise the vast majority of the student body.
By selecting only the strongest students, critics claim, they ensure strong results, without having to add a lot of value.
The Bronx High School of Science in New York City takes children of immigrants and molds them into some of the world’s leading scientists.
It is no coincidence that many of Chile’s democratic reformers of the last two centuries were once students at the Instituto Nacional.
Between 1990, when democracy was restored, and 2010, Chile experienced rapid economic growth, more than tripling its per capita income and making it possible to reduce poverty with targeted, highly efficient policies.
During those 20 years, including 1990-1998, when Pinochet remained the army’s Commander-in-Chief, his right-wing allies retained the ability to veto legislation. Thus, despite the old right’s minority popular support, progress required compromise on many issues, including laws that favored genuine democracy, in order to win the agreement of appointed senators, most of whom defended Pinochet’s institutions.
These are the citizens who are in the streets, who demand change and reject neo-liberalism, with its deregulation and failure to protect the vulnerable from abuses of power.
So far, nothing new: the RN and the UDI – which differ mainly in their attitude towards the military government from which they emerged (the RN being the more self-critical) – have been the main challengers in all the previous elections.
Frei’s lackluster numbers reflect his own weaknesses (he is notoriously uncharismatic and was the least popular of the four Concertación presidents), as well as the inevitable stress that two decades of uninterrupted rule has placed on the ruling coalition.
These policies are popular with voters, and they are protected by powerful actors (for example, the strong export-oriented business sector) and by trade agreements with almost all the world’s major economies and regional blocs.
But we can gain greater purchase on it by considering three other questions.
Whether China can develop and implement a viable new economic-growth model in post-crisis conditions depends on whether President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang can revive the legacy of their predecessors, Deng Xiaoping and Zhu Rongji. In other words, China’s future – and that of the global economy – depends on how committed its leaders are to overcoming vested interests and pursuing comprehensive structural and policy reform.
Asia’s middle-class population is expected to experience explosive growth in the coming years, rising from 500 million people in 2010 to 1.75 billion in 2020.
Beside it is the stunning “water cube,” or Aquatics Center, of Chinese/Australian design.
China’s leaders fear that if they begin to pronounce on the domestic record of other nations, much less join in sanctions or United Nations peacekeeping missions, they will help establish a precedent that would allow others to intrude on domestic Chinese affairs.
Hu and Wen have cancelled national agricultural taxes, made rural schooling free, launched a new rural medical insurance plan, and guaranteed that, since there is still no title for holding private agricultural land, peasants are entitled to renew their long-term leases.
SHANGHAI – In March of last year, the first session of China’s 12th National People’s Congress began with then-Premier Wen Jiabao delivering his tenth and final “report on the work of the government.” When he had finished, the 3,000 representatives in attendance gave him a resounding ovation that was surely a response to more than the report; it was a display of praise and respect for his achievements as the head of China’s government.
But there is more to assessing Wen’s stimulus than the growth/reform trade-off.
In the coming years, China’s engagement with the developing world will continue to deepen. The National People’s Congress has discussed using a portion of China’s foreign-exchange reserves to finance infrastructure projects in developing countries.
As policymakers draw up the country’s 13th five-year plan, they will grapple with a fundamental question: How fast can China expect to grow?
The larger the gap in per capita income, the larger the latecomer advantage and the greater the potential for growth.
The country suffers no lack of investment opportunities, with significant scope for industrial upgrading and plenty of potential for improvement in urban infrastructure, public housing, and environmental management.
As a result, Chinese growth is likely to fall below its potential of 8% a year.
Obviously, the AIIB runs this risk.
With its penchant for constant experimentation and improvement, one might even hope that China will draw lessons and apply them to all of its developing-country lending.
Headline aid numbers might seem less impressive, but long-run results would be better.
We should evaluate the AIIB by how it chooses and fosters projects, not just by how much financing it provides.
In fact, America’s opposition to the AIIB is inconsistent with its stated economic priorities in Asia.
The problem is a financial system that has excelled at enabling market manipulation, speculation, and insider trading, but has failed at its core task: intermediating savings and investment on a global scale.
Perhaps America’s opposition to the AIIB is an example of an economic phenomenon that I have often observed: firms want greater competition everywhere except in their own industry.
One hopes that other countries, both in Europe and Asia, will join as well, helping to fulfill the ambition that infrastructure improvements can raise living standards in other parts of the region, as they have already done in China.
In assessing America’s strength, China follows US debates on the merits of a uni-polar or a multi-polar world with keen interest.
Moreover, many EU members have simultaneously pledged their defense capabilities to NATO, which has been led by the US since its creation.
Second, the ESDP is concerned with good governance and institution building.
BERKELEY – Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao’s forthcoming trip to India, following hard on the heels of President Barack Obama’s recent visit, will provide another opportunity for the media to gush about the growing global economic clout of China and India.
Chinese growth is widely regarded as furiously export-driven, but domestic investment has in fact been the major component.
In the financial media, China and India have become poster children for market reform and globalization, even though in matters of privatization, property rights, deregulation, and lingering bureaucratic rigidities, both countries have in many ways departed from economic orthodoxy.
Indeed, there is some evidence that the overwhelming majority of multi-millionaires in China are relatives of high-ranking Communist Party officials.
Superficially, Russia and China may give the impression that they are pursuing the same path when they both proclaim with pride that they are “back” on the world stage.
For them, to say “Russia is back” means that the humiliating Yeltsin years are over, and that they now must be treated as equals, particularly by the United States.
As a result, the culture of physical violence and verbal provocation that is gaining ground in Putin’s Russia is deeply disturbing, whereas we tend to judge Chinese misdeeds with a greater sense of distance, if not indifference.
Moreover, to supply its Afghan forces, the US deepened its military footprint in Central Asia by renting the Manas Air Base in Kyrgyzstan, which also shares a border with China.
Muslim Uighurs from Xinjiang province were captured in Taliban training campus and jailed at Guantánamo Bay with other international terrorists from 2002 through 2009.
Indeed, China’s relations with Pakistan have assumed greater importance recently, owing to the tensions that now exist between Pakistan and the US.
From scientific research to identification of commercial applications of new technologies, progress has been achieved through trial and error.
They have been most effective when pursuing politically legitimate missions that transcend narrow economic calculation: social development, national security, conquering disease.
List noted how Britain’s emergence as “the first industrial nation” at the end of the eighteenth century depended on prior state policies to promote British industry.
Here is the moment of strategic uncertainty.
England’s rulers sought in vain to keep a lid on the greatest explosion of economic energy and financial wealth in human history.
China has played an important role in financing the US budget deficit in recent years, thanks to its effort to manage the renminbi’s exchange rate against the dollar.
As a result of concern about the global economy, the People's Bank reduced interest rates two weeks ago and joined the coordinated global interest rate cut on October 8 – the first time that China ever participated in a global monetary policy move.
Foreign exchange reserves are an immense $1.9 trillion.
HONG KONG – A consensus is rapidly emerging within China that the rule of law is the single most important precondition for inclusive, sustainable, and long-term peace and prosperity.
And the state must comply with its obligations in international law.
Will China be able to establish the rule of law as it is understood and practiced in the West and elsewhere in Asia?
Over the last few decades, the CCP has succeeded in building the hard physical infrastructure of a modern state, but the creation of the soft infrastructure – institutions and practices consistent with the rule of law and representative government – is only beginning.
A more credible concern is whether efforts to root out corruption weaken the incentive for government officials to promote growth.
So, while bribery in China may facilitate growth to some extent, it does not produce the kind of competitive business environment that supports long-term gains.
Consider Liu Zhijun, the former railway minister, who propelled China’s frenzy of high-speed rail construction.
She regarded her husband’s travails as a personal price paid for a greater good.
Since assuming his post, Xi has rapidly consolidated all of the main levers of power, elbowing aside his prime minister, the ineffectual Li Keqiang.
Xi plainly has no intention of changing China’s political culture, even though it leans against the task that he has set out to accomplish.
The Cold War and the period of US global dominance after 1989/1990 followed this pattern as well.
Otherwise, though, the transformation of China’s economy and society will be all-important, because the regime’s stability depends on it.
In foreign-policy terms, China will attempt to protect its domestic transformation by securing resources and access to foreign markets.
तथापि, चीन की आर्थिक तेज़ी को देखते हुए, यह वितर्क मान्य होने लग गया है कि दमनकारी राजनीतिक प्रणाली विकास के लिए अधिक अनुकूल होती है। हालांकि चीन का हाल ही का प्रदर्शन शानदार रहा है, लेकिन भारत का मॉडल दीर्घावधि में बेहतर सिद्ध होगा।
भारत में इस प्रश्न पर 40 साल पहले बहस हुई थी जब तत्कालीन प्रधानमंत्री इंदिरा गांधी ने आपातकाल की घोषणा की थी। उन्होंने नागरिक स्वतंत्रताओं को समाप्त कर दिया, विपक्षी नेताओं को जेलों में बंद कर दिया, और प्रेस को सेंसर कर दिया, यह सब इस विश्वास पर आधारित था कि लोकतंत्र ने भारत के विकास को अवरुद्ध कर दिया है। यह मामला 1977 में उस चुनाव के होने पर सुलझ गया जिसमें इंदिरा गांधी सत्ता से बाहर हो गईं और लोकतंत्र बहाल हो गया।

CAMBRIDGE – What impact will China’s slowdown have on the red-hot contemporary art market? That might not seem like an obvious question, until one considers that, for emerging-market investors, art has become a critical tool for facilitating capital flight and hiding wealth.
Yet it is not even the highest sale price paid this year.
But doesn’t China have a regime of strict capital controls that limits citizens from taking more than $50,000 per year out of the country? Yes, but there are many ways of moving money in and out of China, including the time-honored method of “under and over invoicing.”
The Chinese hardly invented this game.
Moreover, prominent human-rights lawyers have been jailed; the well-known free-speech advocate Pu Zhiqiang, for one, has already been held for over six months, while prosecutors attempt to build a case against him.
One hopes, for China’s sake, that it does not.
With fewer opportunities to attend conferences abroad, publish papers in Western academic journals, or spend time teaching or conducting research outside of China, their professional development and careers could be severely impaired.
The tens of millions of students who remain in China would not gain the knowledge and skills needed to maintain, much less improve, the economy’s global competitiveness.
As China enrolls countries as members of its Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and doles out billions of dollars of aid during state visits abroad, some observers worry that, when it comes to soft power, China could actually be taking the lead over countries like the United States.
Two major factors limit China’s soft power, as measured by recent international polls.
In today’s media landscape, information is abundant.
Marketing experts call this “stepping on your own message.”
Most Western commentators continue to over-simplify this debate, framing it in terms of the proverbial China hard-landing scenarios that have been off the mark for 20 years.
Urban job growth averaged slightly more than 13 million in 2013-14 – well above the ten million targeted by the government.
While progress on economic rebalancing is encouraging, China has put far more on its plate: simultaneous plans to modernize the financial system, reform the currency, and address excesses in equity, debt, and property markets.
The challenge is to prioritize that will in a way that keeps China on the course of reform and rebalancing.
But none of these proved a serious obstacle to China’s long boom.
China’s government never believed that it should leave what happens in the economy solely to the market.
Thus, policymakers have ample room to maneuver if anything should go wrong.
China played little part in the global derivatives markets, and does not have much toxic securities to clean up or banks to save in order to unfreeze credit flows.
The good news is that China recognizes how much it has benefited from the marketization and openness of the past 30 years.
One possible explanation for the divergence between credit and GDP growth is that potential growth has already dropped to 7%.
The problem stems from the CN¥4 trillion ($660 billion) stimulus plan that the government launched in 2008, which fueled the creation of about CN¥14 trillion worth of credit – and supported a rapid increase in fixed-asset investment, especially in infrastructure and real-estate development.
Though China’s high national savings rate means that it does not have to borrow liquidity from abroad or print large amounts of money, the risks it faces should not be underestimated.
With the central government enjoying such favorable fiscal conditions – its debt-to-GDP ratio stands at only about 20% – now is the ideal time to initiate a much larger debt-swap program.
China’s economy is caught in the crossfire of structural and cyclical&nbsp;headwinds. Structural pressures have&nbsp;arisen from the shift to a new model of services- and consumer-led growth, and cyclical pressures stem from&nbsp;a tough global environment that has&nbsp;put downward pressure on the old model of&nbsp;export and investment-led growth.
A year ago, at the Third Plenary Session of the 18th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), Xi and his team created the country’s most ambitious economic-reform agenda in 35 years.
The last thing China needs is more fiscal stimulus.
After all, China’s vulnerability to such risks is rooted in its old growth model, which was allowed to remain in place for far too long.
The result can be a deep depression.
The private sector, too, built up debt, with its limited access to equity capital driving firms to the shadow banking sector.
Recognizing this, some argue that the way to force reform is to allow interest rates to reflect credit risks.
China’s Dangerous Digital Agenda
Moreover, China employs technology standards as a market barrier, while using its anti-monopoly laws to harass US and European companies. Add to that the theft of valuable European and American intellectual property, including through the government-backed hacking of European companies' computers, and the threat that China poses to open competition could not be clearer.
Many foreign commentators condemned the devaluation as a blatant attempt to boost Chinese exports – a move that would, they warned, spark a new round of currency wars.
Indeed, China plans to shrink its trade surplus – which, to be sure, remains large – and offset the negative impact of that process by increasing domestic demand.
But this shift carries serious risks.
Neither side can afford to fail.
In the short run, this restructuring could lead to localized balance-sheet recessions, despite the authorities’ efforts to create a more accommodating macroeconomic environment.
Rising stock-market capitalization also helps to reduce the real economy’s exposure to bank financing.
Most of the credit went to real estate and local infrastructure projects, effectively reinforcing the most problematic trends in China’s economy.
That is why the real test of China’s administrative reforms is whether, through improved bankruptcy mechanisms and regulations that block fraud and market manipulation, they allow – and even facilitate – the effective functioning of market forces.
Indeed, China is now locked in a vicious economic circle, sustained by seemingly unrelated distortionary policies that are, in fact, deeply interconnected, even symbiotic.
Meanwhile, financial repression lowered the cost of capital.
Less efficient industrial sectors have accumulated significant excess capacity, destabilizing the entire economy, while more productive, efficient sectors lack access to the resources they need.
Whereas, according to Japan’s central bank, Japanese labor productivity grew by more than 10% annually, on average, from 1960 to 1973, Chinese productivity has been declining steadily in recent years, from 11.8% in 2001-2008 to 8.8% in 2008-2012, and to 7.4% in 2011-2012.
A better approach would focus on making economic growth more sustainable.
Still, China’s economy remains a source of significant uncertainty.
Although China’s growth rate still exceeds that of all but a few economies today, the scale of the slowdown has been wrenching, with short-run dynamics similar to a swing in the United States or Germany from 2% GDP growth to a 3% contraction.
With these goals in mind, China’s government recently engineered a modest currency devaluation – about 3% so far.
In addition, China must reduce administrative discretion, introducing sensible, predictable regulation to address natural monopolies and externalities.
China’s current economic slowdown was policy-induced.
The government has since reined in money-supply growth and started to impose limits on local governments’ borrowing.
As a result, China’s annual inflation rate soared to an all-time high of 24% in 1994.
The blockages used to be local governments and zombie real-estate developers.
At the forum, speakers, including the finance minister and the head of the central bank, summarize the Chinese leadership’s current thinking.
Although China’s total real GDP is second only to that of the United States (and might be larger when measured in terms of purchasing power), its per capita income is only about $7,000, or roughly 15% of the US level.
Environmental problems are another powerful drag on China’s current standard of living.
There was also no discussion of Chinese cyber theft of Western technology.
The finance ministry has raised the central-government budget deficit from 1.8% of GDP in 2014 to as much as 2.7% in 2015, and will allow highly leveraged local governments to swap CN¥1 trillion ($161.1 billion) of debt maturing this year for bonds with lower interest rates.
Because no economy had ever experienced such rapid growth on such a large scale, the only way to manage China’s development was, as Deng put it, to “cross the river by feeling the stones.”
This is not to say that it is all smooth sailing ahead.
Meanwhile, only 10% of total social funding comes from the equity market.
After six years of weighing the options, China is now firmly committed to implementing a new growth strategy.
This was emphasized by China’s new senior leaders – Executive Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli and Premier Li Keqiang – in the Forum’s opening and closing remarks, and considerable detail was provided in many of the working sessions.
In particular, owing to the hukou (China’s antiquated household registration system), access to public services and benefits is not portable.
Moreover, under the organizational umbrella of the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) – the latter-day version of the old central planning apparatus – China has marshaled considerable resources into the formulation of a comprehensive and well-thought-out economic strategy.
Last year, the Fourth Plenum focused on leveling the economic playing field – in terms of rights, opportunities, and regulations – by strengthening the rule of law and improving the accountability, transparency, and legitimacy of government decision-making.
Moreover, China is moving forward with its “one belt, one road” initiative, aimed at deepening China’s economic ties with countries throughout Central and Southeast Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Middle East, and eventually Europe.
At the same time, China’s rulers must recognize that reforms have significant short-term deflationary effects.
Beyond reducing China’s dependence on external demand and helping to propel the country up the value chain, more spending in renminbi would help spur the use of renminbi in trade and investment.
More recently, the discussion has shifted toward a seemingly more credible cause: the proliferation of margin financing since 2010.
The CSRC, as China’s capital-market regulator, together with other regulators, neglected to fulfill their proper mission: to create a robust institutional framework capable of sustaining strong investment.
Yet, according to China’s recently announced draft Internet finance regulations, the country’s “1+3” regulatory model is to be retained.
The fear is that the recent stock-market crash may have spooked the government, causing it to slow the pace of reform, including efforts to open up China’s capital account.
The PBOC, through its “pledged supplementary lending” program, has also started lending directly to banks that have promised to use the funds for social housing construction.
The first factor driving up funding costs is the outsize profitability of China’s commercial banks – more than 23%, on average, for the top five last year – which account for some 35% of total profits earned by the 500 largest Chinese companies.
And, though it continues to guide interest rates on deposits, banks can easily evade these regulations by selling depositors off-balance-sheet wealth-management products, on which returns are not capped.
BERKELEY – On August 11, China devalued its currency by 2% and modestly reformed its exchange-rate system.
The rationale for this rule is straightforward: If foreign investors expect that more currency depreciation will follow, they will rush out of Chinese markets to avoid further losses.
The renminbi is already widely used to invoice and settle international merchandise trade, notably other countries’ trade with China itself.
Given that the SDR, which the IMF uses to keep track of its own financial transactions, is of little practical importance, the Chinese authorities’ effort to add the renminbi to it amounts to little more than a vanity project.
In the last year, Turkey has spearheaded a new accountability framework for efforts to boost growth in the G-20 countries.
Specifically, the AIIB will (among other things) provide funding for China’s ambitious “one belt, one road” policy, which aims to enhance trade linkages throughout Asia, across the Middle East, and into Europe, through massive infrastructure investment.
Given this, China could, like Turkey, use its G-20 presidency to promote consensus on the need to end the Syrian conflict and to support long-term peace and economic development throughout the Middle East by pursuing strategies that revive trade, investment, and employment.
It was a highpoint for American leadership.
But other infrastructure-related opportunities beckon.
To be sure, the IMF rejected this proposition in 2011, because the renminbi did not yet meet the criteria of a freely convertible currency.
That should give China’s leaders much to consider in the coming months.
The US Congress has yet to ratify a 2010 agreement providing China and other large emerging economies greater voting power in the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund.
For anyone who wants to engage in global trade, it is thus vital to identify what China wants.
The US would be wise to not oppose such a move.
In a sense, this shift should not be surprising, given the widespread debate over the inherent weaknesses of existing international institutions and governance structures – in particular, China’s disproportionately small role in them. China accounts for a 3.8% voting share of the IMF and a 5.5% share of the ADB, compared to 16.8% and 12.8%, respectively, for the United States and 6.2% and 12.8% for Japan.
While the project could have significant regional benefits, stimulating economic development by promoting integration and connectivity, it would serve primarily China’s interests, expanding the country’s international influence and reducing the gap between its eastern and western regions. At the same time, it could exacerbate geopolitical tensions and territorial disputes between China and its neighbors.
According to the IMF, China’s GDP will be $17.6 trillion in 2014, outstripping US output of $17.4 trillion.
African leaders view China as their countries’ new indispensable growth partner, particularly in infrastructure and business development.
The New Silk Road land belt seeks to connect China with the economies of East Asia, South Asia, Central Asia, and Europe through an expanded grid of rail, highways, power, fiber, and other networks.
Even worse, as China flexes its geopolitical muscles, the only foreign policy that the US systematically pursues is unceasing and fruitless war in the Middle East.
Economic growth, of course, has never been linear in any country.
First, local governments influence a large proportion of investment decisions.
Relentless extraction is quickly depleting China’s resource deposits.
Indeed, while China’s living standards have risen dramatically over the past 30 years, the gap between rich and poor has widened sharply.
Under China’s current institutional arrangements, meritocracy is a prerequisite for good governance.
China’s Debt Termites
As a result, the foundations of China’s growth miracle are steadily being eroded by a debt overhang that shows few signs of receding.
In early 2015, the central government announced plans to convert the local governments’ short-term, high-interest bank loans into long-term bonds.
The drag on the economy will increase as resources continue to be diverted toward keeping inefficient firms alive.
Relative to the size of China’s foreign debt and the sheer volume of money that could go abroad, even its $3.7 trillion in foreign reserves starts to look puny.
For years, with the authorities’ encouragement (or at least acquiescence), China’s securities companies spared no effort in pumping up China’s stock exchanges with fashionable financial instruments and practices, the sole aim being to realize capital gains from rising prices (dividends are rarely distributed).
First, as plummeting stock prices caused the equity in investors’ accounts to fall below the maintenance margin, brokers began issuing margin calls, forcing investors to offload more assets to come up with the needed cash.
But the policy failures fueling this stock-market fiasco go back further, to the massive government-fueled surge in credit since the global financial crisis.
But in today’s deflationary environment, typical monetary expansion alone can do little to help the real economy, because the money either remains idle or fuels asset bubbles and capital outflows.
That said, as China undergoes structural economic transition, the stabilization potential of macroeconomic policy is limited.
Sementara itu produksi energi yang berasal dari sumber energi bahan bakar non-fosil meningkat 19%.
Tahun lalu merupakan kali kedua ketika Tiongkok menambah kapasitas produksi dari sumber energi bahan bakar non-fosil dibandingkan dengan bahan bakar fosil.
Jumlah investasi energi menuju produksi energi terbarukan kini terus-menerus meningkat dan mencapai 50% pada tahun 2011 dan menunjukkan kenaikan dibandingkan empat tahun sebelumnya ketika masih 32%.
The latest year-on-year data, from January, highlight the danger.
The authorities' task now is to determine how to support continued growth on the better performing track (the private sector and the first- and second-tier cities), while eliminating overcapacity and boosting productivity on the weaker track (SOEs and third- and fourth-tier cities).
For example, when the PBOC cut its benchmark interest rate last November, in order to help reduce private-sector borrowing costs, it triggered a speculative stock-market boom.
But the news is not all bad: a substantial portion of the economy continues to expand, underpinning much higher overall growth rates than in most other economies.
China’s Not-So-New Not-So-Normal
But there is nothing normal about an economy that is already twice as large as the next largest, Japan, and will possibly outstrip the European Union within the next five years.
After spending a few days in Beijing, it was abundantly clear that China is undergoing a boom in Internet use, including as a consumer platform. Online commerce is offsetting some of the other weaker areas of the economy, and its full impact might actually be underreported in official statistics.
Energy efficiency and renewable energy use are both on the rise as well.
In 2007, it established the National Leading Group on Climate Change (NLGCC), headed by Premier Wen Jiabao.
Fourthly, China has increased its carbon sinks by promoting reforestation.
In China’s view, the key to the success in Copenhagen lies in the realization of the full, effective and sustained implementation of the Convention and its Kyoto Protocol (KP).
China in the Eye of the Beholder
Another selling point for Western executives is that many Chinese officials have engineering backgrounds, in contrast to their Western counterparts, most of whom are lawyers.
A third reason why Western businessmen get China wrong is that their admiration of the Chinese government is a reflection of their frustrations with their own governments.
Few Western executives understand the political consequences of their misperceptions.
Benar bahwa bahan bakar fosil telah menyumbangkan banyak keuntungan bagi dunia Barat dalam industrialisasi selama 200 tahun terakhir.
Setiap negara bisa menguatkan keamanan energinya dengan berinvestasi pada kapasitas industrial yang diperlukan untuk membuat turbin angin, sel surya/fotovoltaik, dan sumber-sumber energi terbarukan lainnya semaksimal mungkin.
Jika kita mampu menghindari bahaya terburuk akibat pemanasan di bumi, barangkali kita perlu berterima kasih kepada India dan Tiongkok.
The data show that China has built considerable strengths in industries fitting two of these archetypes: customer-focused and efficiency-driven.
To be sure, in engineering-based industries, Chinese companies have had some success.
Over the next ten years, China has a chance to move beyond merely absorbing and adapting global technologies to become a true innovation leader.
And, eventually, the Chinese model of innovation could become the global standard.
Specifically, the English and the Dutch created diverse political/economic units that evolved institutions nurturing specialization and division of labor.
For example, it has committed to ease market access by loosening entry requirements for both domestic and foreign investors.
This approach was fortified last summer, when despite serious market turmoil, the CCP upheld its commitment to allow the market to play a “decisive role in resource allocation.”
The Next Phase of China’s Financial Deepening

The second complication stems from the structural imbalance between the banking sector (or the debt market) and the stock market.
With shadow banks’ lending rates running as high as 20% annually, interest rates in the private credit market are already liberalized, with many SMEs able to cope.
If the real sector cannot deliver high returns to investors, there is no value creation.
A key element of China’s strategy is the recently established Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), and to some extent the BRICS’ New Development Bank, established last year by Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa.
Chinese companies, in particular, will increasingly want to establish their brands internationally.
More important, as with China’s accession to the World Trade Organization in 2001, which required substantial reforms, fulfilling the conditions for joining the SDR promises to speed progress toward full capital-account liberalization – and thus toward a fully convertible renminbi.
China’s leaders surely want international recognition of their country’s global stature.
The case for a soft landing remains solid.
To be sure, the economy faces other headwinds, especially from the policy-induced cooling of an overheated housing market.
A McKinsey study estimates that by 2025 China will have more than 220 cities with populations in excess of one million, versus 125 in 2010, and that 23 mega-cities will have a population of at least five million.
Urban per capita income is more than triple the average in rural areas.
China’s Jobless Growth Miracle
The problem is that the manufacturing sector does little to create jobs, largely because relatively high productivity growth in the sector – averaging more than 10% annually over the last two decades – constrains demand for more workers.
Together, banks and the government provide about 35% of investment in SOEs, but only 10% of investment in private companies.
China’s Twin Challenges
Limited progress has already been made on this front: investment as a percentage of GDP has fallen slightly to 46% in 2014, while growth in retail sales and consumption have outpaced GDP growth.
Chinese policymakers now face a dilemma.
And, indeed, China has lately been employing just such an approach.
But financial repression becomes less feasible the more China liberalizes its capital account, because investors can simply move their assets abroad.
He knew that the shift from centrally planned egalitarian socialism toward market-oriented capitalism could destabilize the CCP’s rule, and the unequal accumulation of wealth in the short term could cause significant social and political division.
But the bureaucracy and its privileged networks benefited most, and a second, non-market source of inequality – endemic official corruption – became entrenched.
He is already working to eliminate graft, restrict the scope of administrative approvals, reduce the state-owned sector’s advantages, clarify property rights in land, and simplify welfare, tax, and financial regulations.
China’s recent relaxation of macroeconomic policy, despite ongoing market volatility, is an important step toward breaking unnecessary barriers to implementing the reforms needed to mitigate systemic risks.
Such revenues had risen at an average annual rate of 24% from 2009 to 2013.
And, given state intervention, interest rates do not adjust quickly enough to allocate resources efficiently.
But, in a country as large and diverse as China, a one-size-fits-all approach will not ensure that the market functions effectively.
As the central government consolidates its power through fiscal reform and an anti-corruption campaign, orchestrating the next phase of structural reforms at the local level will require deft coordination.
His arrest follows that of General Xu Caihou, who served on the commission from 2007 to 2012, in June of last year.
By contrast, when former President Jiang Zemin became General Secretary of the Communist Party following the Tiananmen crackdown in 1989, he was able to rely on capable and loyal officials in Shanghai to run the bureaucracy; he then expanded his support base by co-opting other factions in the 1990s.
To avoid the Soviet Union’s fate, Xi and his colleagues have re-imposed ideological control and curtailed civil liberties.
During his 31 years as prime minister, Lee crafted a unique system of government, intricately balancing authoritarianism with democracy and state capitalism with the free market.
In the last parliamentary election in 2011, six opposition parties won a total of 40% of the vote.
When China’s leaders cite the Singapore model, what they have in mind is limited to the perpetuation of their power.
MADRID – It is safe to say that the most consequential geostrategic development of the last two decades has been China’s rise.
Likewise, at the latest Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting in Beijing, China spearheaded the creation of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB).
The United Kingdom recently announced its intention to serve as a founding member of the AIIB, triggering a flood of applications from the likes of Australia, Brazil, France, Germany, Korea, Russia, Turkey, and Spain.
In this sense, the participation of more European countries in the AIIB is a positive development, as it helps to ensure that the new bank complements, rather than rivals, existing institutions.
BEIJING – China is getting its exchange-rate adjustment whether it likes it or not.
The only difference in China is that the adjustment has been suppressed, so it is now coming abruptly.
Every high-growth, manufacturing-intensive Asian economy that has attempted it has suffered a massive slowdown.
Foreign firms that are carriers of innovative organizational knowledge and technology are barred from coming in.
CAMBRIDGE – I was in Beijing last month when the Chinese government released a preliminary summary of its 13th Five-Year Plan.
One of the key goals was set back in 2010: doubling real GDP and real personal incomes by 2020.
And President Xi Jinping’s crackdown on corruption has had the side effect of delaying decision-making and inhibiting new projects.
China also has a variety of short-run problems.
The US seems to be settling into annual real (inflation-adjusted) growth rates of around 2%, though whether this is at or below the economy’s potential remains a source of heated debate.
Yet, in the aftermath of the global economic crisis, China insisted on maintaining extremely high growth rates of 9% for two years, by relying on fiscal stimulus, huge liquidity injections, and a temporary halt in the renminbi’s appreciation.
And there is every reason to believe that investment will remain high as the economy’s capital base expands.
Fortunately, Chinese households’ relatively low leverage means that the kind of balance-sheet damage that occurred in some advanced countries during the crisis, leading to a huge drop in demand, is unlikely, even if real-estate prices continue to decline.
Any fiscal stimulus now should focus on improving public services, encouraging consumption, and increasing household income.
Indeed, that was the theme of the just-concluded China Development Forum (CDF) – an important platform for debate among China’s senior officials and a broad cross-section of international participants that occurs immediately after the annual National People’s Congress.
In fact, China is far from settling in to a new normal.
In the meantime, China faces another, equally daunting challenge: the United States’ growing determination to contain its growing influence.
They receive instantaneous feedback from one another – especially on shared challenges – whether they like it or not.
Optimists emphasize its capacity for learning and rapid accumulation of human capital.
He was purposely vague in his response: the renminbi’s inclusion in the SDR would be a positive step, he said, but it could not be taken until China makes much more progress in reforming its financial sector and transforming its growth model.
As a result, China remains subject to US monetary policy.
In fact, 57 countries – including major powers like France, Germany, and the United Kingdom – have signed up as founding members, which may reflect a growing awareness of the US-dominated order’s diminishing returns.
The net effect is a growing capability of China’s strategic missile forces and military space platforms.
The reforms have been guided by two broad concepts: the “Four Mechanisms” – competition, evaluation, supervision, and encouragement – and yujun yumin, or identifying military potential in civilian capabilities, with defense industries integrating into the broader civilian economy.
China’s One-Child Calamity
Indeed, it is probably closer to six million per year.
And local officials in many localities explicitly threaten violators with other harsh punishments, including destruction of their houses and confiscation of their farm animals.
Outside observers often marvel at the CCP’s capacity to get things done – at least when those things are the construction of super-modern cities and a high-speed rail network.
Loans can range from CN¥100 ($16) to CN¥1 million, and target small and medium-size enterprises (SMEs), as well as individual borrowers, that currently struggle to access credit through traditional institutions.
In a study of loan data from five Chinese banks, a team of researchers and I identified five factors that influence the emergence of non-performing SME and consumer loans. Some were fairly obvious: Larger loans and higher leverage ratios contribute to higher rates of NPLs.
Finally, platforms with business models that involve higher degrees of financial complexity must be watched carefully for misconduct, as they are the most likely to conduct proprietary trading without adequate expertise, or offer guaranteed returns without appropriate risk assessment and control. And, of course, financial interconnectedness demands international coordination of appropriate standards for the industry.
Indeed, America’s manufacturing industry has helped to drive its macroeconomic recovery.
One reason for the decline is that China has yet to absorb the production capacity created by large-scale investment in 2010-2011.
This trend will contribute to a more balanced global environment.
Chinese Coal Cuts
The government’s efforts to promote renewables are driven partly by growing pressure from middle-class Chinese, who are increasingly frustrated with pollution levels. Indeed, the environment is a hot topic in China today, exemplified by the response to the documentary film “Under the Dome,” which takes a critical look at air pollution and the role of the country’s coal and petrochemical companies.
The authorities should focus not only on producing renewable energy, but also on improving the energy efficiency of existing systems. As it stands, China’s economy is about three times as energy-intensive as America’s (a country that is not particularly energy-efficient itself).
China hopes to do the same, but it faces a distinctive challenge: its sheer size.
In response, China turned to the domestic growth engine of credit-financed investment in infrastructure and real estate.
As China’s construction frenzy ends, the economy is experiencing a major slowdown.
But, given that almost half of China’s rural workers are already over 50 years old, many may never migrate.
The good news is that wages are already growing faster than GDP – a trend that is likely to continue, as demographic change restricts the supply of new labor.
But many are basing their predictions on other economies’ experiences, whereas China has been breaking the mold on economic growth for the last three decades.
Lin argues that China can achieve 8% annual growth for another two decades, owing to its enduring “latecomer advantage,” which, among other things, entails rapid productivity gains brought about by technological catch-up with the United States.
Reforms in factor markets – labor, land, and finance – are essential.
This new round of SOE reform should be pursued diligently.
China’s Reform Stalemate
First, China’s powerful bureaucracy is disinclined to cede its powers in the name of liberalization and a shift toward a more market-oriented economy.
But the central government remains reluctant to make significant changes to the revenue-sharing model, wary not only of the effects on its coffers, but also of conferring more authority on local officials.
Though they will not oppose reforms outright, they will continue to procrastinate and spread fear about economic instability and social tension to prevent changes that threaten to diminish their status and prerogatives.
China’s situation, while far from dire, is certainly challenging.
When China’s problems became more widely apparent, investor confidence sank – and so did the stock market.
To some extent, the authorities seem prepared to do what it takes.
It is time to give private-sector players the tools they need to lead the economy toward more sustainable prosperity.
The new doctrine is “multipolarity” – the idea that the world is (or should be) made up of several distinctive poles of attraction.
Islam continued to spread across geographic and political boundaries.
As China’s labor costs rise, production is being re-located from the coastal regions to the western provinces.
The EEU is seen by its advocates as a step toward re-establishing the old Soviet frontiers in the form of a voluntary economic and political union, modeled on the EU – a project to take the sting out of the West’s “victory” in the Cold War.
Whether their marriage of convenience will lead to an enduring union – or, as George Soros predicts, a threat to world peace – remains to be seen.
The downgrade could, moreover, force the US Treasury to raise the interest rate on new bonds, in which case China would stand to gain.
If the PBC started to buy non-dollar assets in large quantities, it would invariably need to convert some current dollar assets into another currency, which would inevitably drive up that currency’s value, thus increasing the PBC’s costs.
Between 2001 and 2008, export growth accounted for more than 40% of China’s overall economic growth.
Unfortunately, given high inflation, structural adjustment has been postponed, with efforts to control credit expansion becoming the government’s first priority.
The story in Linyi is the kind of news that propaganda officials usually bury in the Communist Party’s secret files.
In July, having failed to elicit any government response, Chen began seeking legal aid from prominent lawyers to prepare lawsuits on behalf of the victims, causing alarm among local officials.
The village, too, is mysteriously without phone service.
This prospect is hardly encouraging. If abuses and repression in the provinces continue no matter how attentive the central government, or how assertive the press might have become, what then? 
Last year, the government said, there were 74,000 such incidents.
China’s Afghan policy is a case in point, but it also is a formidable challenge to the weiqi way.
China was also engaged in constructing a $500 million electric plant and railway link between Tajikistan and Pakistan.
Yet, however focused it is on soft-power projection in Afghanistan, China will likely find it difficult not to be drawn into the role of policeman in an extremely complex and historically conflict-ridden region.
It is inconceivable, though, that the Chinese would enter into the kind of massive US-style military intervention to which the world has grown accustomed in recent years.
Astutely, China has sought to place its African investments and diplomacy within the context of the old non-aligned movement and “Bandung spirit,” an era when many Africans viewed China as a brotherly oppressed nation, and thus supported efforts by the People’s Republic to gain a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council, to replace Taiwan.
The level of Chinese FDI flowing into Africa at present is staggering.
Today, many African leaders pursue similar policies with China, which has struck bargains across Africa to secure crude oil, minerals, and metals in exchange for infrastructure built by Chinese companies.
Unless the Chinese mend their ways, the same fate awaits them in Africa.
(CPMIC), and China XinXing Import &amp; Export Corp. The agenda included not only these companies’ available weapons stockpiles, but also the Chinese firms’ promise to provide additional weapons if required.
Since 2000, China has actively courted Africa’s unstable and dictatorial countries with offers of aid and a refusal to back United Nations sanctions against them.
It was subject to UN sanctions until 2002.
But recently, two nurses and I ventured into a poor farming area, Nizui in Hubei Province, as part of a Medecins Sans Frontières (MSF) team to visit the Liu family and evaluate their 7-month-old baby.
Earlier this year, the government promised blood-products screening, free voluntary HIV testing, and free medicine for the poor.
Last month alone, they visited five large cities without success.
Patients who do receive care are often treated with substandard, even harmful, medicine.
Transforming promises and policies into patient rights, awareness, and effective health care will undoubtedly take time, especially for a country as massive and lacking in transparency as China.
At the summit’s end, Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia, Brunei and Singapore joined with Aquino in demanding that Hun Sen’s statement be amended.
Asia’s economies have, of course, become much more integrated in recent decades, particularly through production for global supply chains.
Indeed, the idea that Asian countries must choose between a Chinese or American future is false.
Such diplomatic realism need not lead to zero-sum outcomes, as the example of European integration demonstrates.
Indeed, the start of 2005 saw some movement on improved ties, with the introduction of a hugely successful lunar new year charter-flights program.
Missile tests, PLA military exercises and threatening rhetoric have been sufficient deterrents until now.
At the Chinese Communist Party’s congress in November, the new leadership was tasked with plotting the country’s path for the next ten years, which entails modernizing China’s social, political, and economic systems within the constraints of its history and changing geopolitical context.
These low-cost measures nurture long-term antifragility, while capturing future upside gains that could compensate for black swan events.
The situation began to improve in 1978, when Deng Xiaoping began to implement market-oriented reforms and open up the economy, giving China access to new opportunities for economic growth and employment.
And, notwithstanding corruption-induced fragility, the bureaucracy’s capacity to implement policy is sound.
The genius of China’s mini-move (allowing the Yuan to rise 2% against the dollar) is that no one can tell when or what is going to happen next.
Perhaps the speculative-inflow scenario will play out, but in slow motion.
It is a lot easier to exit from a fixed exchange rate regime when the pressures on the currency are upwards.
So should we expect to see much bigger currency moves in China anytime soon? Should we ever expect to see wild gyrations in China’s exchange rate of the sort one routinely sees in, say, the Australian dollar or the South African rand?
Things were not supposed to turn out this way.
Many American congressmen, for example, complain that American jobs are being destroyed by China’s intervention in currency markets to maintain an artificially low value for the yuan.
But, as America’s savings rate begins to rise, China’s export-led growth model, which has promoted employment in China at the cost of global trade imbalances, may no longer be possible.
Americans and others have been predicting decline regularly over the years: after the Soviets launched Sputnik in 1957; again when Nixon closed the gold window in 1971; and when the American rust-belt economy seemed to be overtaken by Japanese manufacturers in the 1980’s. But when one looks at the underlying strength of the American economy, it is not surprising that the World Economic Forum ranks the US second (just behind Switzerland) among the most competitive, while China ranks some 30 places below.
BEIJING – Before the global financial crisis hit, critics of China’s economic imbalances – its twin fiscal and trade surpluses – mainly concentrated on the misallocation of resources that occurs when poor countries borrow from rich countries at high interest rates and lend the money to them at low interest rates.
But there is no guarantee that demand for these Treasury notes among foreign investors – including foreign governments – will be sufficient.
Despite China’s limited room for maneuver with regard to its stocks of foreign-exchange reserves, it should never give up its efforts to safeguard the value of its hard-earned wealth, which has been entrusted to the good will and supposedly responsible hands of the US government.
Hujin has already injected $60 billion of China’s foreign-exchange reserves into the Bank of China, the China Construction Bank, and the Industrial and Commercial Bank.
Foreign banks could never hope to achieve such comprehensive coverage without a local partner.
In these circumstances, privatization will have profound consequences for China’s economy.
The transformation in China’s banking system is complex and difficult because it involves a change in its fundamental nature.
The model for Charter 08 was Czechoslovakia’s Charter 77.
In terms of its immediate impact, it is true that Charter 08 will hardly make a ripple in the pond of Chinese politics.
Japanese might revert to angry nationalism.
While the government might be able to crush such disturbances with force, a loss of confidence among the middle class would be more serious.
But the US – or at least Congress and the media – doesn’t get it.
Someday, of course, this will come to an end.
At the start of the process, China will have small and indirect ownership stakes in a great many US enterprises, and the odds are that the usual objections will be absent.
This March, I was in Chengdu, in Sichuan province, where many Tibetans live.
And that is what China’s government delivered in the last few decades.
Modernization should be carried out by self-governing people, not imposed by foreign force.
Historic monuments are being bulldozed everywhere in China in the name of development.
China’s Burma Test
With some international celebrities already keen to start a campaign to boycott the Beijing Olympics because of China’s support for some of the world’s most repressive and incompetent regimes, a military crackdown in Burma is the last thing the Chinese authorities can afford.
China’s national interest does not require it to prop up the Burmese junta forever.
China\u0027s Challenge to Latin America

Likewise, it develops five-year plans –and in many cases, such as in science and technology, plans that exceed 15 years.
Otherwise, relations between China and Latin America will be far from harmonious, even as their significance continues to grow.
Roughly 1.5 million of North Korea’s 23 million people are estimated to have starved to death over the past decade.
The permanent war footing is just one manifestation of North Korea’s obsession with rugged self-sufficiency.
Like Iran, however, Kim wants to have his cake and eat it: eventual acceptance as a nuclear power and all the economic enticements from the US, Europe, Russia, and China to de-nuclearize.
The result could be a new round of efforts by China to manipulate regional suspicion – or worse.
He replied, “The Brazilian economy has been doing well. But, whenever the government has extra money, President Lula likes to give tax rebates and subsidies to people, instead of using it on the roads.
This type of spending structure is nothing new to China.
Despite privatization, there are roughly 119,000 state-owned enterprises today, with a book value of about $4 trillion.
This can be done by putting these assets into national wealth funds and distributing the funds’ shares to citizens at no cost.
To correct this, China needs to boost its people’s sense of future financial security and affect a rise in private income commensurate with GDP growth.
While preparing for my first trip to China twenty years ago, George Orwell’s dark masterpiece, Nineteen Eighty-Four, seemed a useful lens through which to view this “people’s republic.”
After reading Nineteen Eighty-Four in 1949, the year of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, Huxley sent his former pupil a letter praising the novel.
Orwell’s Big Brother would not have been amused by this remark. But a member of Brave New World’s ruling elite would have taken it in stride.
But one would be wrong: studies have consistently shown that the rate of return to capital has been more than 10% since the late 1990s.
While the US banking sector is similarly concentrated, it has far more financial institutions – roughly 18,000 commercial banks, savings and locals associations, mutual savings banks, and credit unions, compared to only around 400 commercial banks and 3,000 rural credit unions and township banks in China.
Default rates in the informal sector are high, and lenders may disappear with depositors’ money, as happened in Wenzhou.
At a time when cyber attacks are increasing worldwide, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was right to declare that an attack on one nation’s computer networks “can be an attack on all.”
But, despite its corporate motto – “Don’t be evil” – Google itself was instrumental in aiding online censorship in China, having custom-built a search engine that purges all references and Web sites that the Chinese government considers inappropriate.
Cyber intrusion in peacetime allows the prowler to read the content and understand the relative importance of different computer networks so that it knows what to disable in a conflict situation.
It seems unlikely that these hackers, especially those engaged in cyber espionage, pilferage, and intimidation, are private individuals with no links to the Chinese government.
The Seoul Games in 1988 opened the door to South Korea’s democratization.
Moreover, he is a committed believer in non-violence, an admirer of the Dalai Lama, a disciple of the Mahatma Gandhi, and a sincere Buddhist.
Chen, a blind peasant and self-taught lawyer, had protested in 2005 against the kidnapping of some 3000 women in his hometown of Linyi.
When the Chinese leaders mention democracy in official declarations, they mean “organized” democracy, from the top down.
China’s government finally appears to be acknowledging the urgent challenges presented by the country’s aging population.
The elderly would thus account for a far greater share of China’s population than in other large emerging economies, such as Brazil, India, Indonesia, and Mexico.
But some foreign manufacturers, seeking to cap rising labor costs, are shifting production from China to cheaper destinations such as Vietnam, where average monthly wages for factory workers is $50-60 – half that of China.

Wen said that political reform, including opportunities for citizens to criticize and monitor the government, is necessary to sustain China’s breakneck economic growth. Otherwise, he argued, the country’s economic gains would be lost.
China's modest experiments with local elections have been supplemented by exercises in “deliberative democracy.”
Confucian-inspired intellectuals like Jiang Qing, for example, have put forward an innovative proposal for a tricameral legislature. Legislators in one chamber would be selected on the basis of merit and competency, and in the others on the basis of elections of some kind.
Unfortunately, the purchasing power of Europe’s dollars shriveled during the 1970’s, when the costs of waging the Vietnam War and a surge in oil prices ultimately contributed to a calamitous rise in inflation.
Europeans, who were called on to improve productivity and raise domestic demand, reformed their economies at a glacial pace, while China maintained its export-led growth strategy.
Yes, the Federal Reserve could tighten monetary policy. But they will not worry too much about the next financial crisis when the aftermath of the current one still lingers.
A dollar crisis is not around the corner, but it is certainly a huge risk over the next five to 10 years.
Moreover, the two countries should harness each other’s comparative strengths and expand mutually beneficial cooperation in infrastructure, investment, and other areas; strengthen cultural ties to advance an expanding friendship; and enhance their cooperation in multilateral forums to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of developing countries in tackling global challenges.
So is “mistrust” between the two powers diminishing? The People’s Daily seems to consider bilateral relations as normal at this point.
China shares Russia’s suspicions in this regard; indeed, Xi proclaimed that, in terms of geopolitics, Russia and China “speak a common language.”
Ownership, however, is only one dimension of an economic system.
So further reforms will be decisive in determining the Chinese economy’s future performance.
Free media would also help.
The case for combining further government withdrawal from the production system with more engagement in the social field is compelling.
For Europe, Leijonhufvud argues, this implies a three-pronged approach that focuses on “levels of leverage,” “maturity mismatches,” and “the topology of the web,” – that is, “its connectivity and the presence of critical nodes that are ‘too big to fail.’”
Corporate contracts place the profit-oriented legal person at the center of the transaction and bind all of its stakeholders.
Following the physicist Fritjof Capra, one should regard living organisms, social systems, and ecosystems as an interconnected and interdependent, complex adaptive system.
China’s Excess-Capacity Nightmare
Based on the NDRC’s figures, 2008 capacity utilization rates were just 76% for steel, 75% for cement, 73% for aluminum, 88% for flat glass, 40% for methanol, and 20% for poly-crystalline silicon (a key raw material for solar cells).
In 2006, for example, the NDRC produced a list of plants that were required to cease operations by the end of the following year.
In many industries, neither market forces nor central planning are strong enough to bring about the “creative destruction” of inefficient producers.
In 1995-2010, when China’s average annual GDP growth rate was 9.9%, fixed-asset investment (investment in infrastructure and real-estate projects) increased by a factor of 11.2, rising at an average annual rate of 20%.
In the wake of the global financial crisis, Chinese banks were instructed to extend credit and invest in large-scale infrastructure projects as part of the country’s massive monetary and fiscal stimulus.
By the third quarter of 2012, industrial enterprises’ receivables totaled 8.2 trillion renminbi ($1.3 trillion), up 16.5% year on year, forcing many to borrow even more to fill the gap, which has driven up debt further.
China’s abrupt decision to raise the value of the renminbi (yuan) by 2.1% and to end its peg to the dollar comes after months of pressure from the US.
But China’s current situation is vastly different.
Although the expansion of exports has been dramatic, now accounting for 70% of China’s GDP, it has exerted no pull on other economic sectors, because it has been confined to foreign-owned manufacturing and assembling enterprises.
Now China is attempting to apply the same term to the Senkaku Islands in its dispute with Japan, and is perilously close to making the same claim for the entire South China Sea; indeed, some Chinese military officers already have.
Following Wen’s statement, the trilateral summit deteriorated.
The struggles for power within China’s ruling Communist Party over the purge of Bo Xilai, and the blind activist Chen Guangcheng’s escape from detention during economic talks with the US, have made Chinese leaders’ nationalist assertions even more strident than usual.
Europe also became nervous after the euro exchange rate rose to more than $1.40, far beyond the purchasing power parity (PPP) rate of $1.17.
In 2008 and 2009, the Chinese purchased US government bonds at a rate of $17 billion a month.
To be sure, the Chinese always restrained themselves from private real-estate financing in the US.
One need only recall the bidding for Emcore or Firstgold. The US wanted the Chinese money, but it was not prepared to offer anything more than structured securities of questionable creditworthiness, as well as government paper that is now clearly exposed to the risk of inflation and devaluation.
Policymakers in China seem to be unaware that many major cities have not had the luck to become financial centers. There is no economic or other theory that explains why a city called a “financial center” should be more valuable or lovely than others.
Instead, once financial transactions begin to concentrate in a place, it becomes hard to move them to other places.
The time has come to cast off the burden of building financial centers, and focus instead on advancing the modernization of Chinese finance.
The catalyst for these broad-based protests is the proposed construction of hundreds of dams throughout western China.
These protests are striking not only for the sensitive nature of the issues they address, but for the broad-based support they have elicited.
The same may happen in China.
The third option is to use environmental protection to justify moving China ahead with real political reform sooner rather than later.
To protect itself from the declining greenback, China and other countries are converting a portion of their accumulated dollar reserves into euros.

Note that it was French President Sarkozy who went to China to protest the currency peg, not German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
The next meeting, later this year, of the China-Africa Cooperation Forum (CACF), established to promote trade and investment, will include 46 African heads of state, along with China’s leaders.
Trade figures tell a similar story of growing influence.
The fact that China, within a decade, has overhauled Africa’s balance of power, relegating the US and the UK to third and fourth place and challenging France for first place as the continent’s main economic and commercial partner, has irked these competitors.
Africa’s economy may grow, but Africans will continue to suffer.
Though such disparities can, of course, have other causes as well, geography does seem to explain a lot.
China’s central government has attempted this for the past 10 years through its “Western Development Program.”
If China’s authorities continue to encourage domestic migration, the problem of regional disparities will eventually be solved.
China’s Green Debt
China’s environmental problems, complex as the causes may be, can ultimately be attributed to our understanding of Marxism.
Although China has signed the Kyoto Protocol and some 50 other international environmental accords, we do little to honor them.
It is imperative that environmental factors figure in China’s macroeconomic planning in a real way.
They cannot limit themselves simply to “supervision” and appeals to the authorities.
China’s Happy Mask
The European Union may not be far behind; much will depend on how China presents its case over the coming 18 months as the two sides negotiate a wide-ranging Partnership Cooperation Agreement, which will determine the quality of bilateral relations for the next decade.
Yet it is almost certainly the sort of forecast of which they should beware.
Political leaders in EU capitals and the US may be well aware of China’s global economic importance, but the widespread public perception is that its factories are dirty and environmentally harmful.
They may also have the unintended benefit of shifting a key policy debate in a more productive direction.
All that has changed is that both countries have been downgraded to smaller roles on the world stage.
The World Bank has engaged in a good faith effort to make progress on a hugely complicated matter.
What China needs is a more flexible exchange rate that can respond freely to market forces.
The execution this week of the former head of China’s State Food and Drug Administration (SFDA), Zhen Xiaoyu, who accepted almost $1 million in bribes, shows that the frenzy has now seeped into China as well.
Roughly 75% of China’s food is now produced by small, private, and un-licensed operations that are difficult to regulate.
China’s mad rush toward fuqiang (wealth and power) has given it little chance to develop all the compensatory institutions that any truly developed, not to say enlightened, society needs to achieve equilibrium and social health.
China’s Inflation Muddle
Current inflation is more broad-based than it appears, regardless of the controversy surrounding the adequacy of China’s CPI basket in reflecting the reality of underlying price movements.
Changes in China’s financial conditions reinforce this view.
The most difficult period for Chinese decision-makers was between February and September 2008, when, despite abundant signs of a softening in domestic demand, overall demand remained strong, as did inflation.

China’s economic problems are more structural than cyclical.
Rather than heralding a new era of freedom, the Internet is enabling Chinese authorities to perfect totalitarian control in a way that puts the rulers in George Orwell’s 1984 to shame.
In a country where freedom of expression has been off limits for half a century, the Internet had at first proven to be a godsend: people poured their enthusiasm into it by building Web sites and personal homepages.
But not forever.
Similar downtrends are evident in a broad array of leading indicators, ranging from consumer expectations, money supply, and the stock market, to steel production, industrial product sales, and newly started construction.
Fears surfaced of another banking crisis, the imminent collapse of a monstrous property bubble, and runaway inflation.
Notwithstanding that problem, major imbalances in Chinese property markets should prove to be the exception over the next two decades.&#160; While there could be supply-demand mismatches in any given year, with an average of roughly 15 million citizens a year slated to move from the countryside to newly urbanized areas, demand should rise to meet supply.&#160; Meanwhile, there are encouraging signs that property inflation is now cooling: For 46 of 70 major Chinese cities, property prices either declined or stayed flat in August 2011 compared with 31 cities that reported similar conditions in July.
An increasingly unbalanced Chinese economy cannot afford persistent 10% GDP growth.
The China Daily recently ran a front-page story recounting how Paul Wolfowitz used threats and vulgarities to pressure senior World Bank staff.
The advice that the African leaders received from their Chinese counterparts was sound, and much more practical than they typically get from the World Bank.
During the meeting, the Chinese leaders emphasized their readiness to support agricultural research as well. They described new high-yield rice varieties, which they are prepared to share with their African counterparts.
Whenever the Bank’s extreme free-market ideology failed, it has blamed the poor for corruption, mismanagement, or lack of initiative.
China’s rulers rarely wash their dirty linen in public.
Despite the government’s intermittent anti-corruption campaigns, progress has been slow.
Likewise, Hu Angang, an economics professor at Beijing’s Tsinghua University, has estimated that corruption in 1999-2001 alone caused economic losses worth RMB1,293 billion ($156 billion), or 13.2% of GDP.
With little recourse to legal means, an increasing number of frustrated victims of graft resort to extra-legal measures such as strikes, demonstrations, and sit-ins in order to gain media and public attention.
In fact, the US has played a key role in China’s rise.
The third phase began immediately after the 1969 Sino-Soviet military clashes, with the US actively seeking to exploit the rift in the Communist world by aligning China with its anti-Soviet strategy.
America depends on China’s trade surplus and savings to finance its outsize budget deficits, while China relies on its huge exports to the US to sustain its economic growth and finance its military modernization.
But now America has returned firmly to center stage.
His approach reflected a larger trend of rights-based resistance in China that began in that late 1990’s; Chen was part of a coterie of lawyers and activists, some well-known and many others not, who wanted to see the government behave according to its own rules.
Chen has paid a terrible price for living up to the ideals of the profession. At a time when the legal academy and the profession are under attack in the US, Chen’s case is a reminder of what strong lawyers and legal institutions provide to a society.
That would help to ensure that three decades of legal reform is more bone and sinew than running water.
Growth is still high, at about 10% per year, but has started to moderate.
The two 50-basis-point RRR increases just locked up the same amount of liquidity.
Furthermore, the PBC uses unconventional instruments from time to time, such as “credit ceilings” or “credit quotas” imposed on commercial banks.
Second, China’s central bank still controls interest rates by enforcing a roughly three-percentage-point spread between deposit rates and lending rates.
China’s New Currency Policy
China’s existing portfolio of some $3 trillion worth of dollar bonds and other foreign securities exposes it to two distinct risks: inflation in the United States and Europe, and a rapid devaluation of the dollar relative to the euro and other currencies.
A barrel of oil might still cost $90, but a 10% increase in the renminbi-dollar exchange rate reduces the renminbi price by 10%.
The three-percentage-point difference implies that the “real” inflation-adjusted renminbi-dollar exchange rate rose 9% over the past year (i.e., 6% nominal appreciation plus the 3% inflation difference.)
China’s New Economic Model
At every level, there is a consciousness of environmental limits and the realization that the resource-intensive consumption patterns now accepted in the United States would be a disaster for China – and for the world.
But this is a peculiar arrangement: a relatively poor country is helping to finance America’s War on Iraq, as well as a massive tax cut for the richest people in the world’s richest country, while huge needs at home imply ample room for expansion of both consumption and investment.
Western technological innovation has focused too little on reducing the adverse environmental impact of growth, and too much on saving labor – something that China has in abundance.
We should all hope that China’s new economic model succeeds.
But China’s soaring growth, seen in contrast with stagnation in Latin America’s economies, has awakened governments and businessmen across the region.
In the 10 years between 1993 and 2003, China’s and Hong Kong’s exports to Mexico rose from 1.12% of total Mexican imports to 5.8%.
Mexico’s so-called “Silicon Valley South” companies in Guadalajara have, by their own estimates, already lost more than $500 million worth of projects and approximately 20,000 jobs to Asia, especially to China, and this trend will continue in the short term.
Over the same period, China’s foreign-exchange reserves swelled by $128 billion, to $3.4 trillion – the largest quarterly increase since 2011 and equal to the total rise in 2012.
The current round of monetary easing underway in many advanced countries, together with strong expectations of renminbi appreciation, are also fueling currency speculation, placing further upward pressure on the exchange rate.
In March and April, cross-border renminbi trade settlement increased by ¥412.8 billion, up 57.6% year on year.
One can only hope that these measures will be sufficient to bring China’s export data gradually back to reality.
● a reversal of the country’s now rising income inequality; lowering the very high savings level relative to investment and thus reducing the current-account surplus;
For example, China’s labor-intensive export sectors are losing their competitive edge.
Urbanization will accelerate with supporting public-sector investment.
The government continues to own more than 50% of remaining state-owned enterprises, but does not need or use the income.
But it must also assume greater responsibility for global imbalances, economic and financial stability, and governance, as well as represent the interests of less powerful developing countries.
This pillar relies heavily on planning, large-scale fixed investment, and administrative controls, and its quality, scale, and relative efficiency were strategic to Chinese competitiveness and productivity.
What makes the Chinese economy more difficult to read is the increasingly complex interaction of all four of its production system’s components, with each other and the rest of the world.
First, the production chain must shift from export dependence toward domestic consumption.
BEIJING – The release by WikiLeaks of American diplomatic cables written between 2004 and 2010 contains considerable material on China’s policy toward North Korea.
But these interests are hard to quantify.
Although China claims that it “normalized relations” with North Korea in 2009, its policies and attitudes toward the North remain mired in a morbid comradeship.
Whenever a crisis erupts, China becomes agitated. But, instead of seeking a new path, it re-traces its old steps.
China’s Perfect Storm
The Chinese ship containing arms for the reviled Mugabe regime in Zimbabwe is finally headed home after protests and global condemnation prevented it from delivering its cargo.
Western critics of China have every right to protest any aspect of Chinese behavior, and vice versa.
The sudden downfall of Bo Xilai – and the call from Yunnan Province for the removal of the two Politburo members closest to him – is just one example of the no-holds-barred infighting now taking place in Zhongnanhai, the closed leadership compound in Beijing.
The Soviet Union imploded because the party was the state, and vice versa.
The PLA’s growing political clout has been manifest in the sharpening power struggle within the Party. In recent weeks, an unusual number of senior military officers have published articles in official newspapers calling for Party discipline and unity, and alluding to the military’s role in containing the infighting.
But on June 8, unnamed officials asked the doctors' son to collect some personal effects for his parents, including dentures, and deliver them to the authorities.
His exposé of the SARS epidemic cover-up forced China's government to confront the disease more openly and aggressively, averting a public health catastrophe.
Before giving his name, address, and phone number, he said, "Of course, I have considered the consequences that I might encounter after writing this letter.
Dr. Jiang Yanyong may become a millionaire, wear any clothes he likes, redecorate his living room, even buy a car, but he cannot inform the public about an epidemic or write government officials an honest letter of admonition.
For the last two decades, Chinese leaders have been diligently trying to build a new edifice in order to gain some of that missing respect.
As most of the world knows, America’s quest to maintain its claim to the title of “greatness,” has, of late, also been elusive.
The Invisible-Border War
For India, Daulat Beg Oldie is an important outpost near the entrance to the Karakoram Pass and the Siachen Glacier region. So, was China’s incursion into Indian territory an error by a local PLA commander?
Was the Chinese incursion intended to serve as a sort of diplomatic accelerator?
That lack of spillover will reflect the recovery’s focus on expansion of domestic demand.
But the more significant strategy is to alter government policies in ways that will lead to higher spending by Chinese consumers, and that raise the level of those government outlays, like health care, which directly benefit Chinese households.
The public pension system is unreliable, there is little health insurance available to pay for the high cost of Western-style care, parents must pay tuition for their children’s schooling, there is little credit available for purchases of consumer durable, and buying an apartment requires a large down-payment.
Some factors specific to China make this outcome more likely, but success is by no means certain.
But simply constraining new credit supply and allowing bad loans to default can itself provoke crisis and recession.
The Chinese working-age population is now slowly shrinking.
Second, China’s central government has low debt – only 22% of GDP at the end of 2013 – and thus significant fiscal firepower.
In an economy with inherited debts equal to 250% of GDP, simply tightening credit supply and imposing market discipline could be a recipe for disaster.
While much of the rest of the developing world, following the Washington Consensus, has been directed at a quixotic quest for higher GDP, China has once again made clear that it seeks sustainable and more equitable increases in real living standards.
China’s role in the world and the world’s economy has changed, and the plan reflects this, too.
Within a month of the adoption of the plan, new environmental taxes on cars, gasoline, and wood products were imposed: China was using market based mechanisms to address its and the world’s environmental problems.
Most people outside China do not fully appreciate the extent to which its leaders, by contrast, have engaged in extensive deliberations and broad consultations (even with foreigners) as they strive to solve the enormous problems they face.
Even when China’s voice could be decisive in resolving crises or preventing bloodshed, instead of acting, its diplomats repeat the old platitudes about non-interference.
When it is harnessed to promote growth and human rights, interference should be appreciated, regardless of the regime that is doing it.
Should its parochial interests give way to more cosmopolitan responsibilities? How it answers this question will largely determine how the world views it for decades to come.
According to an analysis used by some American economists and politicians, the low rate of currency appreciation, combined with Chinese export growth of 31% in 2010 over 2009, should have increased China’s trade surplus by a wide margin.
Simply put, if a country can improve its domestic balance, it will become more balanced externally, regardless of how little the exchange rate changes.
That will have a very significant effect in terms of reducing the current-account surplus, which reflects net national savings.
The US current-account deficit has been narrowing in recent quarters, thanks to export growth.
China's current leadership, one year after coming to power, has criticized "the single-minded pursuit of GDP growth" over the past decade and unveiled a new approach to modernization characterized as "balanced, human-centered, and environmentally friendly."
Most worrying is the ever-growing tax burden placed on the rural population.
So today's China is a much less equitable society than India.
China's government must acknowledge that deep income inequality and rural poverty is no longer exclusively an economic problem, but threatens social peace and political stability.
As a result of the slave-labor brick plants, as well as reports of an eight-year-old child worker being buried alive and migrant workers killed, Hongdong’s name has become infamous.
There are such dark spots everywhere in the country.
Seven years ago, a lawmaker from Hunan province went to Shanxi province to rescue slave workers from brick plants.
It seems today that in China the daily work of government is to keep people from protecting themselves and their families in an attempt to gloss over the crimes of a “harmonious society.”
Stability was on everyone’s mind at the annual China Development Forum (CDF) held March 17-20 in Beijing.
At the same time, there was considerable concern about the recent resurgence of state-owned enterprises, which has tilted the distribution of national income from labor to capital – a major impediment to China’s pro-consumption rebalancing.
Orchestrated by Chongqing Mayor Huang Qifan, the principal architect of the spectacular Pudong development project in Shanghai, the goal is to transform the Liangjiang area of Chongqing into China’s first inland urban development zone.
In short, the Four Uns have now become three.
Is China’s political environment loosening up, or is the government cracking down? It’s hard to tell.
Hu’s tightening of controls over political discourse and the media intensified with the publication in September 2004 of a list of “Top Fifty Public Intellectuals” in Southern Weekly.
Those who dare to protest, such as Beijing University journalism professor Jiao Guobiao, are silenced.
Asia’s Dammed Water Hegemon
Most of the new dams are planned for the biodiversity-rich southwest, where natural ecosystems and indigenous cultures are increasingly threatened.
This reversal is consistent with the pattern established elsewhere, including on the Yangtze: China temporarily suspends a controversial plan after major protests in order to buy time while public passions cool, before resurrecting the same plan.
China’s territorial claims on Russia are often noted in Chinese grade school geography textbooks, which include a number of Russian Far Eastern regions within China’s borders.
The geography of the exercises, and the offensive nature of the tasks undertaken, leaves little doubt that Russia was cast in the role of “potential adversary.”
No nation threatens China’s land borders.
Alienating the West is a foolish strategy when the greatest long term threat to Russia comes from the East.
China’s rulers see the Olympics as a stage for demonstrating to the world the exceptional vitality of the country they have built over the past three decades.
The 2,000-year-old city of Beijing should be transported into hyper-modernity, whereas his father’s 1936 Berlin design was, in his words, “simply megalomania.”
A gold medal signified the sporting abilities and dedication of individual athletes, not the supposed merits of the political system that produced them.
The Great Recession of 2008-2009 suggests that China can no longer afford to treat the Four Uns as theoretical conjecture.
The new Plan’s second pro-consumption initiative will seek to boost wages.
Specifically, that means social security, private pensions, and medical and unemployment insurance – plans that exist on paper but are woefully underfunded.
Today’s post-crisis world could hardly ask for more.
China’s government is divided on a number of matters, but there is a strong, sharp-edged consensus that social stability is at risk unless a robust stimulus package emerges to stave off further job loss.
And yet China’s reliance on economic policies that require the heavy hand of the state to achieve officially decreed targets had been fading.
Much of politics in China is local, but little of environmental protection is.
The main question is whether China can escape the pull of this old psychological syndrome – which kept it preoccupied throughout the twentieth century with debilitating sentiments of weakness, insecurity, and humiliation – and allow itself to be guided by a new outlook on the world, and even on old enemies.
First and foremost, aiding and inciting the expression of popular anger against Japan gives China’s Communist Party leaders a powerful and readily available vehicle for rallying domestic support, thereby legitimizing their own power.
Like recessive genes, they sometimes suddenly re-express themselves.
It has also driven up corporate savings, because firms’ earnings are growing faster than household income and (and, for that matter, faster than overall GDP).
They comprise, in roughly equal parts, the low-income workers who account for up to 65-70% of the total workforce.
During this long period, some get rich first, which means that others lag behind.
The social-security system is to be extended to cover all workers and farmers.
China the Responsible Stakeholder
Laying the foundations for increased trade among China, South Asia, and emerging Central Asia represents a better outlet for the Chinese construction sector than building more ghost towns at home.
Acknowledging this, the People’s Bank of China has negotiated currency swap lines with other central banks and has designated one of the country’s five large state-owned commercial banks as official clearing bank to settle transactions in renminbi in a variety of foreign financial centers.
But where its policies promise economic benefits for other countries, as in the case of infrastructure finance through the AIIB and the Silk Road initiative, they should be encouraged.
फिर भी PLA के विशेषज्ञ रेशम मार्ग पहल के "मोतियों की माला" से किसी संबंध को नकारने के लिए उत्सुकता दिखा रहे हैं। इसके बजाय, वे इसकी तुलना चीनी किन्नर एडमिरल झेंग हे के पंद्रहवीं-सदी के अभियानों से करते हैं जिसने अफ़्रीका को जाने वाले खजाने के जहाजों के बेड़े का नेतृत्व किया था। केंद्रीय सैन्य आयोग के सदस्य सुन सिजिंग के अनुसार, झेंग ने "एक इंच भूमि पर" अधिकार किए बिना या "समुद्री आधिपत्य" की इच्छा के बिना प्राचीन रेशम मार्ग का इस्तेमाल किया था (हालाँकि इतिहास साक्षी है कि उसने समुद्री चोक प्वाइंट नियंत्रित करने के लिए सैन्य बल का इस्तेमाल किया था - उदाहरण के लिए, स्थानीय शासकों की हत्या की थी)।
भारत निश्चित रूप से चीन के व्यवहार के प्रति आशंकित है। लेकिन चीन काफी सावधानी से चल रहा है ताकि यह अपने खौफ़नाक मंसूबों को प्रकट किए बिना, अपने लक्ष्य पर आगे बढ़ाना जारी रख सके। अमेरिकी शिक्षाविद जॉन गरवेर ने चीनी नीतिकथा का इस्तेमाल करके इस बात को बहुत अच्छे रूप में पेश किया है: "गुनगुने पानी के पात्र में मेंढक बेहद आरामदायक और सुरक्षित महसूस करता है। लेकिन पानी का तापमान धीरे-धीरे बढ़ने की ओर मेंढक का ध्यान तब तक नहीं जाता, जब तक वह आखिरकार मर कर पूरी तरह पक नहीं जाता है।"
Thanks to Chinese Admiral Zheng He, who steered his naval fleet across the Indian Ocean seven times in the early fifteenth century, the Chinese wok became the favorite cooking vessel of women in the southwestern Indian state of Kerala.
But he undoubtedly has a domestic motive as well, rooted in the growing prosperity gap between eastern and western China.
In fact, these fears have a strong historical basis.
Might China be on a similar – albeit less openly aggressive – path?
Selain itu, meskipun AIIB berkedudukan di Beijing, kementerian menyatakan bahwa penetapan kantor-kantor regional dan pihak manajemen senior akan dilakukan berdasarkan konsultasi dan perundingan lanjutan.
Prakarsa ini bertujuan mengembangkan kerjasama ekonomi dan integrasi di kawasan Asia Pasifik, khususnya dengan pembiayaan bagi infrastruktur seperti jalan raya, jalur kereta api, bandar udara, pelabuhan, dan pembangkit tenaga listrik.
Lebih lanjutnya, SRF dapat menjadi katalis bagi lembaga keuangan negara lainnya untuk berkontribusi pada ekuitas dan pembiayaan utang di beragam proyek. Dana SRF beserta investor publik dan swasta lainnya – akan membentuk investasi ekuitas bersama yang pertama bagi proyek ini.
China has been highly successful in its initial efforts to shift the industrial structure of its economy from manufacturing to services, which have long been viewed as the foundation of modern consumer societies.
With its prowess in central planning, China has always been adept at engineering shifts in its industrial structure – as the move toward services-led growth attests.
A proposed consolidation of rural and urban plans for pensions and critical health care is particularly important in this regard, as is the authorities’ commitment to allowing workers to transfer their hukou (residency permits) – and the associated social welfare benefits – wherever they move.
The focus on resolving China’s macroeconomic disconnect, reflected at the Fifth Plenum and a likely precursor of what to expect in the upcoming 13th Five-Year Plan, is thus very encouraging.
As commodity imports soared, the current-account surplus fell below 2% of GDP.
With hundreds of cities competing with one another through infrastructure development, “ghost towns" will proliferate.
Meanwhile, China's current-account surplus has again soared.
Demographic change – with the number of 15-to-30-year-olds, in particular, falling by 25% over the next decade – could also help.
Both countries recognize the implications of participating in an initiative that undermines the Asian Development Bank and even the World Bank, though South Korea has now announced its intention to join.
Indeed, their futures will be just as intertwined as their pasts were.
But deep historical resentments should not obscure the fact that South Korea is facing many of the same challenges as Japan.
But it can be effective only if they focus on the right issues – and that does not mean the AIIB.
The decision provided the most visible image yet of an emerging China-South Korea concert, one that China believes may prevent the region from sliding into cold war.
To be sure, South Korea and China remain deeply divided over their policies toward North Korea. Nonetheless, the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula, key to ensuring long-term regional stability, is in the interest of both countries – as well as Japan.
In late May, at the 14th Asian Security Summit, US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter called for a “shared regional architecture” that will enable all Asia-Pacific countries to rise peacefully. That is the right approach.
That, together with increased access to capital, will help to accelerate the development of the services sector, which is needed to create urban employment.
Meanwhile, many advanced economies have suffered considerably from their balance-sheet composition, with limited, poorly measured assets and outsize debt and non-debt liabilities.
This would augment savings options for an increasingly affluent population and strengthen support for long-term investment and development.
It can abandon the commanding heights model and develop its version of “state capitalism” to support the best of both worlds.
Whether the QE strain of market manipulation has accomplished its objective – to provide stimulus to crisis-torn, asset-dependent economies – is debatable: Current recoveries in the developed world, after all, have been unusually anemic.
The more proactive Chinese approach is the policy equivalent of attempting to catch a falling knife – arresting a market in free-fall.
The collapse of the equity bubble calls that effort into serious question.
In a globalized world where labor income is under constant pressure, the siren song of asset markets as a growth elixir is far too tempting for the body politic to resist.
Retail investors account for 85% of trades, in contrast to other major markets, where institutional investors – with their relative abundance of information – are the biggest traders.
The reason is that the Chinese stock market is not wholly liquid or globally integrated.
Moreover, returns on deposits are low (and had been negative), and the state-dominated financial system offers few diversified products.
The result, as we are now witnessing, is that a moderate sell-off can easily turn into a stampede.
But, unlike in other capitalist economies, money is not the only tool at the authorities’ disposal.
One-third of the people listed in the Hurun Report, the Shanghai-based monitor of China’s wealthiest people, are Party members.
What the CCP refuses to recognize is that corruption cannot be rooted out as long as the Party maintains its monopoly on political power; with no organized opposition or functioning civil-society institutions, officials will continue to use their positions of public authority as a vehicle to generate personal wealth.
Fortunately, there is little reason to believe such dire predictions, or that the market gyrations that have been driving recent headlines represent anything more than short-term volatility. After all, equity-price movements are a poor predictor of the real economy’s performance.
The rise and fall of the Chinese stock market should also be understood in the context of Chinese households’ limited options for storing savings.
China’s Live Stress Test
The Chinese displacement factor was the emergence of the country’s own Internet economy.
Financial crises have repeatedly been spawned by inadequately regulated financial innovation, with the combination of market greed and regulatory silos and blind spots enabling booms and busts.
At the end of 2013, when the Shanghai index was 2,116, the Chinese debt market amounted to 256% of GDP, and stock-market capitalization was 36% of GDP, implying an unsustainable crude leverage ratio of 7.2:1.
But, as the government determines how to offload its massive holdings of shares in an orderly manner, it must ensure that such efforts are funded by equity, not leverage, thereby enhancing market balance and resilience.
Sovereign wealth funds – the assets of which have swelled from just over $3 trillion in 2007 to more than $7 trillion today – also have a significant influence on global asset markets.
The OECD countries, despite being the source of modern history’s most devastating financial meltdown, have shown less appetite to advance sustainability as a design principle of their financial systems (the Bank of England’s ongoing prudential review of climate-related risks to the financial sector is a notable exception).
Green finance is at an early stage in China, just as it is in the rest of the world.
And the G-20 recently asked the Financial Stability Board to consider the risks that a possible “carbon bubble” – caused by markets’ overvaluation of fossil-fuel companies’ oil, coal, and gas reserves, owing to a failure to account for future limits on extraction and use – pose to the global financial system.
While there was no love lost between the United States and the Kuomintang leadership, the US gave Taiwan assurances of military protection, which deterred China from trying to unify the island with the mainland by force.
Before doing so, I made a point of telling the Chinese government what we were doing – opening a commercial regulator, not an embassy.
First, they are clearly worried that the Kuomintang, which lost last year’s local elections in a landslide, will lose the general election in January as well.
Taiwan’s system is democratic; China’s is not.
Excess capacity and falling growth are mutually reinforcing.
And that is not what has happened.
If excessively high real interest rates are undermining the domestic demand that China needs to reverse the economic slowdown, one naturally wonders why the government does not take steps to lower them.
But policymakers must recognize the damage being done by excessively high real interest rates.
Chinese leadership over the past decade and a half has been about fine-tuning and maintaining the momentum of Deng’s state-led development model, launched after the Tiananmen protests of 1989.
Similarly, though China remains fundamentally dissatisfied with its southern land borders and its sea borders to the east and southeast, its current leaders fear that isolation would result from an assertive and aggressive foreign policy.
Having grown up in a China that is now accepted as a legitimate great power, the new generation of leaders will be more impatient about China resuming its place as the paramount power in Asia.
The upcoming meetings of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank – two institutions dominated by the US and its Western allies – provide an ideal opportunity to change that.
The US seems to be stuck in the Bretton Woods system, the rules-based order – underpinned by the IMF and the World Bank, with the US dollar at its heart – that emerged after World War II.
But expanding the renminbi’s role in the international monetary system is just the first step toward institutionalizing a multipolar world order.
America will be in the spotlight once again.
Relative to GDP, the BOJ’s monetary-policy gambit could actually far outstrip the efforts of America’s Federal Reserve.
At home, that could mean adding workers, either by boosting female participation in the work force, which, at 63%, is among the lowest in the developed world, or relaxing immigration restrictions.
Likewise, Japan stands to benefit from its technological prowess in environmental remediation – an urgent priority for China in the years ahead.
There is one obvious and important caveat: Poor Sino-Japanese relations, owing to unresolved historical grievances, could prevent Japan from realizing the economic benefits implied by China’s economic rebalancing.
However tempting it may be to focus on such questions, they are the wrong way to think about the global economy.
On April 9, the US Treasury released the biannual report mandated by Congress to identify countries engaging in “currency manipulation.”
Such is the case with the stalled IMF quota reform, an issue where the rankings in fact are of some importance, but not in a zero-sum way.
If the Congress does not pass the IMF quota reform, the US can hardly blame the Chinese for undertaking initiatives such as the AIIB on their own.
Perhaps spurred by the recent appreciation of the dollar and the first signs that it is eroding net exports, congressional Democrats and Republicans are once again considering legislation to counter what they view as unfair currency undervaluation.
Capital inflows contributed to a large balance-of-payments surplus, and the authorities bought US dollars, thereby resisting upward pressure on the renminbi.
Congress may also want to target the eurozone in coming negotiations on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership.
Another is an inappropriately low real (inflation-adjusted) foreign-exchange value.
The point is that bilateral trade balances have little meaning.
Just as the soft landing in early 2009 occurred in the aftermath of a horrific American-made crisis, this latest one followed the European sovereign-debt crisis.
China’s economy has certainly become more unstable, with major slowdowns in real GDP growth in 2009 and again in 2012.
Failure to act quickly on this program would leave China far too vulnerable to the inevitable next shock in a crisis-battered world.
Time is no longer on China’s side. It must act now.
Consider, first, domestic economic conditions, starting with the employment picture.
So if the Fed, for whatever reason, wanted to leave the interest rate unchanged, it needed an explanation that went beyond economic conditions in the United States.
As for the stock market – widely viewed as a kind of casino for a small fraction of Chinese households – only about 6% of China’s population own shares.
So the Fed is right to say that inflation is low because of the sharp drop in energy prices; but it need not worry about the effect of major trading partners’ lower currency values.
And to suggest that the United States Federal Reserve, or the United Kingdom’s Financial Services Authority, might have anything to learn from China’s financial authorities would have been thought absurd.
There is an ever-present risk that the property market might one day collapse, though banks would emerge in better shape than have banks in the US and the UK, because much speculative investment has been funded with cash, or with only modest leverage.
Until the recent near-implosion of Western capitalism, the North Atlantic authorities thought that the end of financial history had been reached.
We can now see the utility of a more flexible toolkit to respond to excessive credit expansion, or asset-price bubbles, where the manipulation of short-term interest rates can be a blunt instrument or, worse, a double-edged sword.
The elements of a broader consensus on the future role of financial regulation are in place, as long as Americans like Geithner can resist their constant desire to tell the rest of the world to do as they say, not as they do.
In the case of capital flows, this means retaining capital-account regulations as an essential tool of macroeconomic policy.
It is not just emerging markets that have had to pay heed to the dangers of rapid liberalization.
Indeed, China is perhaps the most successful example in history of gradual and pragmatic economic transformation.
China often does not even issue an official public notice of censorship; an “anonymous” phone call to a publisher, understood to be from an official agency, will suffice.
Far less surprising was the recent arrest of the well-known activist and human-rights advocate Guo Yushan, who has been involved with many so-called “sensitive” issues over the last decade.
President Xi Jinping’s unprecedented anti-corruption campaign was supposed to signify a shift toward a more transparent system, based on the rule of law.
Two factors appear to be the most important: China’s growth rate in the coming years, and whether its growth will be sufficient to maintain high levels of global demand for commodities. Even if it is, the impact is likely to be different for agricultural exporters (the members of Mercosur and some Central American countries) than for exporters of minerals and oil (Mexico and other South American countries).
China’s Political Interventions
Yet the Chinese government has remained committed to intervention, responding to the correction with heavy-handed, politically motivated measures, including the complete suspension of trade of many companies’ stocks.
Of course, the renminbi’s recent depreciation was much smaller than the de facto currency devaluations engineered by the United States and the United Kingdom after the financial crisis of 2008.
PRINCETON – The international system of economic governance is at a turning point.
But when US President Richard Nixon ended the dollar’s international convertibility to gold in 1971, much of the world moved to a floating exchange-rate system in which the value of any given currency can fluctuate wildly.
In short, the SDR is used less as a reserve asset than as the IMF’s own unit of account.
Furthermore, the renminbi now meets the requirement – which it did not in 2010, when China first tried to have its currency added to the SDR basket – of being “freely usable.”
The original SDR basket was too broad, just as the current version is too narrow.
The British businessman’s body was allegedly cremated before any autopsy was conducted.
The disgrace of Bo, Chongqing’s former Party leader, certainly falls into this category.
What was unusual about Bo was his open ambition.
It is possible that the murder accusations against Bo’s wife, Gu Kailai, are part of such political theater.
Chen asked him to investigate abuses against him and his family.
Whether China intends to stay put by building permanent structures for its troops on the plateau’s icy heights, or plans to withdraw after having extracted humiliating military concessions from India, remains an open – and in some ways a moot – question.
A paralyzed and rudderless Indian government initially blacked out reporting on the incursion, lest it come under public pressure to mount a robust response.
To guard those projects, several thousand Chinese troops reportedly have been deployed in the rebellious, predominantly Shia region, which is closed to the outside world.
This means that, in political and economic terms, we are entering an East and Southeast Asian century.
Essentially, the concept has served to justify collectivist-authoritarian rule by aligning it with local tradition and culture, with autonomy defined in terms of otherness – that is, differentiation from the West and its values.
By contrast, the United States’ economic and political model, and that of the West, with its individual rights and open society, proved to be its sharpest weapon in the Cold War.
Right now, all eyes are on the undeclared frontrunners to become the first appointed president of the European Council.
World famous but controversial, Blair is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves.
The parliament is a further wild card in this wholly undemocratic and unpredictable process.
TOKYO – While the world focuses on the gathering of cardinals in Rome to choose a successor to Pope Benedict XVI, a similar conclave is underway in Tokyo to choose the Bank of Japan’s (BOJ) next governor. And, as with the deliberations at the Vatican, politics, not doctrinal debate, is underpinning the decision-making process in Japan.
The growth strategy will include targeting industries like regenerative medicine, with greater spending, for example, on cell research conducted by Nobel laureate Shinya Yamanaka; it will also feature policies aimed at leveraging the power of women, who are underrepresented in the work force, particularly when compared to other modern economies.
This is the context in which the BOJ’s next “pope” is being selected. But, instead of a debate about monetary policy, the only question being asked is whether Shirakawa’s successor will come from the finance ministry, academia, or business.
The Europeans typically picked their nominee behind the scenes, as did the Americans, after only cursory consultation with developing countries.
In 1997, the mismanagement of the East Asia crisis by the IMF and the US Treasury transformed downturns into recessions, and recessions into depressions.
Where the IMF’s next managing director will come down on this issue – and on whether fiscal salvation is to be achieved through austerity, with costs borne by ordinary citizens, even as bankers get only a mild slap on the wrist – is critically important, but hard to predict.
What we are seeing now – open campaigning, as opposed to selection behind closed doors – seems to be a move in the right direction.
The people of Scotland voted by a comfortable margin of about 10% to remain part of the United Kingdom – not least because of the campaigning of three Labour politicians, Alastair Darling, Gordon Brown, and Jim Murphy.
Referendums are the favorite device of populists and would-be dictators.
In England, the electoral success of the UK Independence Party is one such example.
Conservatives held a majority of the seats in Scotland less than 60 years ago.
Let others, who oppose democracy in their own countries, take note.

I can recall countless instances of – how can I best put it? – Putin and his colleagues economizing with the truth on a spectacular scale.
Crimea was annexed on the spurious grounds that it had once been part of Russia – a justification that, if applied elsewhere, could underwrite the violent redrawing of boundaries in much of Europe.
If Farage had had some first-hand experience dealing with Putin, he might have reached an accurate assessment much sooner.
“Oh Freedom!
For example, the United States’ own record, at Guantánamo Bay and elsewhere, has undermined American politicians’ credibility on this subject.
But reliance on realpolitik as the guiding light of foreign policy has a pretty shabby track record.
But China’s rulers would take a giant step forward by recognizing that such aspirations are not a threat to the country’s wellbeing.
Worldwide, an estimated 5.7 million people were employed directly or indirectly in the global renewable-energy industry in 2012 – a figure that could triple by 2030.
Colombia and Mexico have introduced similar initiatives.
Job growth in the low-carbon economy can easily compensate for these losses.
इसी दौरान उदयीमान अर्थव्यवस्थाओं – खासकर ब्रिक्स (ब्राजील, रूस, भारत, चीन और दक्षिण अफ्रीका) कहे जाने वाले देशों में तेजी से बढ़ती मध्यम वर्गीय आबादी अपनी खान-पान की आदतों में बदलाव ला रही है और इस मामले में अमीर देशों के लोगों के साथ होड़ कर रही है. आने वाले दशकों में, जैसे-जैसे आमदनी बढ़ रही है वैसे-वैसे मांस व डेरी उत्पादों की मांग भी बढ़ेगी.
स्वयं पशुओं को भी भयानक परिस्थितियों का सामना करना पड़ता है. इसके लिए उद्योग द्वारा उचित पशु-कल्याण मानक अपनाने का विरोध करना ही जिम्मेदार है. आश्चर्य की बात है कि किस प्रकार इस उद्योग को इतने बड़े आकार में बढ़ने दिया गया. इसका उत्तर सामाजिक-राजनीतिक शक्ति में छिपा है जिससे औद्योगिक पशु-पालकों व उत्पादकों को अपनी सही सामाजिक व पर्यावरणीय लागतें दूसरों के मत्थे मढ़ने की छूट मिल गई. फिर ये लागतें मजदूरों और करदाताओं से वसूली जाती हैं.
WASHINGTON, DC – As 2014 gets underway, signs of a fraying regulatory relationship between the European Union and the United States seem to be everywhere.
And, though EU agencies like the European Central Bank are assuming an increasing share of regulatory responsibility, divergences in decision-making procedures continue to affect the rate and nature of transatlantic coordination.
Whether implemented as part of the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership talks or on an informal basis, mutual-recognition and substituted-compliance programs should become more robust, and they should provide procedural mechanisms for coordinating rule-making and administrative processes in real time.
As state authority weakens, tribal and sectarian allegiances strengthen.
In the ensuing political vacuum, sectarianism was the only viable alternative principle of organization.
Thus, for all of the initial promise of the political transition in Egypt that followed the demise of Hosni Mubarak’s military-backed regime, the result was the creation of a Muslim Brotherhood government whose exclusionary ideology made it an unlikely candidate for long-term success.
The US, in particular, should examine how it has handled the breakdown of Syria and Iraq, and stop treating each case as if there were no connection between them.
The traditional dove-versus-hawk debate is now crosshatched by an isolationism-versus-engagement cleavage, all of which is overlain with a deep mistrust of all government institutions.
In their view, any concession in the course of a negotiation is weakness.
Suspicions that these sites could be involved in enrichment activities proved to be well founded.
There was nothing opaque, however, in the sudden purge and swift execution earlier this month of Jang Song-thaek – or Uncle Jang as the media have taken to calling Kim’s not-so-avuncular one-time regent.
Indeed, the sin of insufficient loyalty – Jang was noticeably absent during the spring, when Kim threatened war against his neighbors and the United States – seemed to loom large.
Indeed, as China begins to address its own transparency problems, it might want to examine some of the dubious deals made with Jang and his cabal.
Moreover, China is gradually coming to the view that its coziness with and excuse-making for North Korea, more than its endless maritime disputes with everyone else in the region, is emerging as the major factor in how the world regards its rise.
For Russia, Asian countries – and especially China – seem to bring a barebones practicality to the relationship.
Yet the landscape – and seascape of East Asia – is vast and fast-shifting.
Putin may be content with his role in the Ukraine crisis, because all signs suggest that he believes he is righting a historical wrong.
DENVER – Anyone who doubts that the wars in Iraq and Syria are closely connected need look no further than the role of Al Qaeda’s Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, whose fighters have been pouring over the Syrian border into Iraq’s Anbar Province.
And while those internal checkpoints are being reinforced, the actual border with Sunni-dominated parts of Syria is becoming more porous by the day.
Syria’s bloody conflict is often described as an Iranian war, an effort to keep Syria’s Sunni majority in check and build power and prestige throughout the Levant.
The departure of the US military from Iraq, particularly those forces that helped to pacify Anbar against heavy odds, is permanent.
Iraq After Maliki
Iraq has been falling apart not just because of Maliki’s failure to reach out to the country’s 20% Sunni minority, but also because of the Sunnis’ failure to embrace a country whose majority political expression is Shia.
Rather than denounce the IS’s barbaric behavior, members of the Gulf Cooperation Council, the preeminent regional organization of Arab states, issued a series of tepid statements denying support for it in the wake of its entry into Iraq.&nbsp;The GCC countries mostly blamed Maliki for not doing more to address Sunni political frustration, as if that explained the IS’s campaign of mass murder.
A system based on cantons? Perhaps it should have a bicameral parliament with a communal-based upper house that could veto what a Sunni-majority lower house enacts.
Thus, the US has continued to do the wrong – or at best inadequate – thing: listening to and, worse, believing those who have been part of the problem.
In the Middle East, any effort to alter borders is likely to create many more problems than it resolves.
Obama has likened his Syria policy to the sustained operations against terrorist cells in the Horn of Africa.
This state of affairs argues for diplomacy at the international level to identify a workable plan for Syria’s future that reasonable people can support.
But, with the increasing organization of medicine around specific diseases, the term has come to refer to an open-ended set of conditions including cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes, but not infectious diseases, such as tuberculosis and malaria, or mental illness.
The most common response is disease-specific.
Acute episodes and expensive hospitalization can be avoided by providing expert team support for patient self-care.
It also meant that each country’s exchange rate could no longer respond to the cumulative effects of differences in productivity and global demand trends.
That helped Germany and France, but it also inflated real-estate bubbles in Spain and Ireland.
Japan, South Korea, and other major Asian trading countries have very flexible exchange rates.
The admonition rings in the ear of every slapdash undergraduate and corner-cutting postdoc.
And they enable the reader to track down previously unknown but potentially useful work.
The SCI gave rise to multiple citation-based measures, with two, in particular, warranting mention.
University presidents must work to boost their institutions’ citation records, even though they know that the validity and reliability of these data, and the rankings that they inform, are questionable.
Break Up Citigroup
Defenders of the megabanks – Citi, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley – dismiss Warren as an avatar of left-wing populism.
But both left and right agree on the fundamental asymmetry that the recent “Citigroup Amendment” implies: Bankers get rich whether they win or lose, because the US taxpayer foots the bill when their risky bets fail.
Wall Street for President?
On Dodd-Frank, Democrats – including Obama – are apparently of two minds on the extent to which they should stick up for their own reforms.
Warren’s message is simple: remove the implicit government subsidies that support the too-big-to-fail banks.
It is now obvious that this is not consistent with defending what remains of Dodd-Frank.
A few years later, the World Health Organization, and then other international agencies and donor countries, joined the cause, creating a coalition of official and private organizations that now support Rotary’s vision.
The key is to link a bold idea with a practical and powerful technology, and then to push the idea and technology forward through mass citizen action.
The solution is therefore not much more complicated than a polio vaccine.
The time has arrived for a massive effort by voluntary organizations to take up the MDG’s through private action.
They are most successful when people behave as part of civil society without necessarily being “civil-society” professionals.
And, of course, most of them are struggling to survive financially.
In the United States, people are already rating their own doctors at sites such as RateMDs.com and vitals.com; third-party doctor and hospital ratings are available at HealthGrades.com.
Imagine a program where pregnant women could sign up by cell phone for weekly reminders and updates, and to answer questions such as, “Is the baby kicking?”
So it is crucial that the unique challenges they present to civil liberties and privacy are quickly identified and addressed.
The price of drones is plummeting, too.
Instead, interested parties at all levels need to assess the potential impact on privacy, data protection, and ethics on a case-by-case basis.
Civilized Talk
The meaning of the words civilization and culture is very different when they are used in singular and plural forms. Cultures (plural) are the modes of living embraced by various human groups, and comprise all that their members have in common: language, religion, family structures, diet, dress, and so on.
But, while some cultures are proud of their plurality, others try to hide it.
The novelist André Schwarz-Bart used to tell this story: A chief rabbi was once asked why the stork, which is called Hassada (affectionate) in Hebrew because it loves its own kind, is classified among unclean animals.
This in turn threatens the functioning of the financial system and the effectiveness of the reform programs.
But if it all works, sharing risk now will not be expensive in the end.
And it is true that the benefits of deficit reduction, if achieved too fast, will be more than offset by the negative effect on growth.
But the confusion that has resulted is anything but harmless.
That is far from the truth.
Zimbabwe’s military and political elite has appropriated the diamond field’s immense wealth for itself, with no benefits for the millions of desperately poor Zimbabweans who need the kind of services that the country has the resources to provide.
It is therefore encouraging that concerns about Zimbabwean diamonds are being raised within the diamond trade itself.
A year ago, real rates were actually negative.
Observed real interest rates are measured by deducting expected inflation from these nominal rates.
The fact that financial booms and busts can occur amid relatively stable inflation does not help.
Low interest rates can sow the seeds of financial booms and busts.
Laying the foundations of a sustained recovery requires measures to strengthen public- and private-sector balance sheets, together with structural reforms aimed at raising productivity and improving growth potential.
Gates himself is the first to acknowledge that the public perception is far from accurate.
As with the information technology revolution, advances in clean energy will require the involvement of both the public and the private sector.
The US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) was a catalyst for the IT revolution.
Similarly, while charitable donations by billionaires certainly should be welcomed, companies should also be made to pay a reasonable amount of taxes.
Just eight years after Kennedy’s announcement, astronaut Neil Armstrong pressed his footprint into the lunar dust.
Indeed, the most frequently floated proposals leave much to be desired.
A Global Apollo Program would help the world reduce its CO2 emissions and cut its energy bills.
If countries sign up to the Global Apollo Program as part of the agreement in Paris, the meeting might just mark one giant leap for mankind in the fight against climate change.


यह सब मिलाकर उस उद्योग को बनाते हैं जिसमें ब्लूमबर्ग की गणना के अनुसार पिछले वर्ष तक निवेश $310 बिलियन तक पहुँच चुका था। यह कोई "अनूठा" क्षेत्र नहीं है, बल्कि परिसंपत्ति-प्रधान उद्योग है जिसका धीरे-धीरे वस्तुकरण हो रहा है।
Their rainforests are a vast storehouse of biodiversity, and forests are major carbon sinks, reducing the level of CO2 in the atmosphere.
Biodiversity and climatic stability are global public goods.
At the very least, markets like ETS should credit emissions reductions that result from limiting deforestation.
From a global point of view, the best use of these resources is to maintain the forests, which is even possible with managed cutting.
Para penasihat Presiden Johnson tidak begitu optimis.
Namun demikian, di balik meningkatnya kesepakatan ilmiah yang berusia 50 tahun, pemanasan bumi terus terjadi.

वर्ष 2012 के आकलनों से यह पता चलता है कि वायु-प्रदूषण से संबंधित कुल मौतों में से 88% मौतें निम्न से मध्य आय वाले देशों में होती हैं, जिनमें विश्व की 82% आबादी आती है। पश्चिमी प्रशांत और दक्षिण-पूर्व एशियाई क्षेत्रों में होनेवाली मौतों की संख्या क्रमशः 1.67 मिलियन और 9,36,000 है।
वायु प्रदूषण के कारण होने वाली समस्याओं के किसी भी समाधान के लिए न केवल नए आर्थिक मॉडलों की आवश्यकता होगी, अपितु स्थानीय, राष्ट्रीय, और अंतर्राष्ट्रीय सरकारों द्वारा संघटित उपाय करने की भी आवश्यकता होगी। उदाहरण के लिए शहरी यातायात से होनेवाले उत्सर्जनों में कमी करने हेतु सुसंबद्ध विकास को बढ़ावा देने के लिए नगर महापौरों, स्थानीय योजनाकारों, और राष्ट्रीय नीति-निर्माताओं को मिलकर काम करने की आवश्यकता होगी।
Africa, the Middle East, and Central Asia will be the first to be exposed.
Most international waterways have such frameworks for dialogue, albeit at different stages of development and levels of achievement.
Rural hydraulic projects, which ensure access to water for these populations over large stretches of land, can prove to be efficient conflict prevention tools.
Responsible use will require adequate economic incentives.
Climate pledges will be made on the basis of Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs), or commitments to the reduction of emissions worldwide.
The revenue implications would be significant.
Ahead of the Paris summit, more than 160 countries submitted emissions mitigation pledges.
Perubahan Iklim dan Gereja Katolik
Barangkali yang menarik disini adalah 66% responden menyatakan akan “cenderung lebih mendukung” kandidat yang berpendapat bahwa perubahan iklim benar terjadi dan akan mendorong peralihan menuju energi terbarukan, sementara bagi 12% responden lainnya “sedikit kemungkinannya” bagi mereka mendukung kandidat seperti itu.
Namun kelompok ketiga lah yang sejauh ini paling berkuasa secara politik: kepentingan minyak dan batubara yang menyumbangkan ratusan juta dolar untuk kampanye 2014 lalu.
Setidaknya sejak diterbitkannya Summa Theologica (1265-74) oleh Thomas Aquina, hukum alam dan Aturan Emas dipandang sebagai pilar dasar ajaran Gereja.
The Adaptation Imperative
But it will be heaviest for developing countries, least-developed countries, and Small Island Developing States. Though international funding will be available, costs will fall largely to countries, with governments forced to divert scarce resources from development projects to adaptation initiatives.
For example, by planting scientifically engineered crops that grow faster, farmers can harvest them before, say, cyclone season, which will become increasingly violent as global temperatures rise. But there remain significant barriers to adoption – barriers that governments should dismantle through a combination of incentives, regulatory reform, and institutional upgrading.
Lately, however, the continent has reached an ideological impasse over how to address the problem, with environmental sustainability and growth often portrayed as being mutually exclusive.
To be sure, as with any innovation, there are questions about the technology's viability.
Europe cannot afford to lag behind.
But to achieve it, Europe must overcome the ideological stalemate that is paralyzing the environmental debate.
It, too, is essentially a balance-sheet problem, based on the stock of CO2 in the atmosphere
Given what we know now about the consequences of the high-carbon path for the natural environment and, in turn, health outcomes and quality of life, those costs could actually be negative.
This does not appear to be the case.
Akan tetapi terkadang kebenaran moral dan kepentingan ekonomi menyatu dan menciptakan peluang yang tidak boleh dilewatkan.
Sejumlah kemajuan penting sudah tercapai sejak konferensi Durban.
COPENHAGEN – One of the stranger spectacles of the climate change debate was the sight, earlier this month, of NASA climate scientist Jim Hansen marching hand-in-hand with Hollywood actress Darryl Hannah outside the Capitol Coal Power Plant in Washington, DC.
Coal accounts for almost half of the planet’s electricity supply, including half the power consumed in the United States.
Recently, former US Vice President Al Gore and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon claimed that, “in the US, there are now more jobs in the wind industry than in the entire coal industry.”
Every nation should ideally commit to spending 0.05% of GDP exploring non-carbon-emitting energy technologies.
This is especially true now, given that much of the developed world is in the midst of a painful recession.
Over time, a failure to reduce greenhouse gas emissions would lead to additional climate change, which in turn would increase the severity of poverty, the scale of internal displacement and migration, the scarcity of water, the prevalence of disease, and the number and intensity of storms.
Such an accord might well be desirable, but it is simply not an option for climate change any time soon.
But reaching an accord that sets binding ceilings for what each country will be allowed to emit is not an option in Copenhagen.
Efforts by Europe and Latin America and the Caribbean have set the groundwork for the world’s strongest bi-regional partnership on climate change.
This is in line with the EU’s long-term goal of reducing emissions by 80-95% (again, relative to the 1990 level) by 2050.
They are understandably reluctant to expend too much political capital by calling for a far-reaching deal.
Membangun Kepercayaan dalam Dana Iklim
Kenaikan suhu global dan iklim yang semakin tidak stabil akan mempengaruhi semua aspek pembangunan dan membahayakan investasi yang ada kecuali mitigasi dan adaptasi strategi yang memadai – juga penting bagi Tujuan Pembangunan Berkelanjutan (SDGs) hasil rumusan PBB yang akan diadopsi akhir bulan ini – mampu ditetapkan.
Konferensi di Paris menawarkan kesempatan untuk membangun jalan yang jelas guna menghindari dampak yang paling berbahaya akibat perubahan iklim; para pemimpin dunia yang menghadiri pertemuan tersebut tidak boleh menyia-nyiakannya.
Fortunately, there are encouraging signs that the commitment will be honored.
Reaching that goal will require increased confidence in the policies and institutions of the countries in which the money is to be spent.
Some of the $100 billion will be channeled through the newly created Green Climate Fund; but the existing multilateral development banks should also play a central role, along with national aid agencies and departments.
At any given time, the global livestock population amounts to more than 150 billion, compared to just 7.2 billion humans – meaning that livestock have a larger direct ecological footprint than we do.
Already, the signs are worrying.
At the same time, governments and civil-society groups should promote healthier diets that rely more on plant-based proteins and calories.
Perhaps even in the depths of Mongolia, you would have heard the dire warnings emitted by journalists.
Estimates of temperature increases, heat waves, and cold waves are all nearly identical to those produced six years ago.
The IPCC report makes it clear that exaggerations of this magnitude have no basis in science – though clearly they frightened people and perhaps will win Gore an Academy Award.
Climate change is a real and serious problem.
With the world in a fury about cutting greenhouse gasses, it is easy to forget that there are other and better ways to do some good for the planet.
Indeed, recent surveys show that the public is growing steadily less trusting of the scientific consensus on global warming.
Nonetheless, he explained, “we thought that if we can highlight it, it will impact policy-makers and politicians and encourage them to take some concrete action.”
Elsewhere in the 2007 assessment, Working Group II claimed that “up to 40% of the Amazonian forests” were at imminent risk of being destroyed by global warming.
At the “Earth Summit” in Rio de Janeiro in 1992, 189 countries, including the United States, China, India, and all European countries signed on to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), and agreed to stabilize greenhouse-gas emissions “at a low enough level to prevent dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system.”
Consider that even with a rise of only 0.8ºC so far, the planet has experienced record-high temperatures, more extreme weather events, and substantial melting of the Greenland ice sheet, which contains enough water to cause a seven-meter rise in sea levels. In Copenhagen, the pleas of representatives of small island states (some of which will cease to exist if sea levels continue to rise) for a target of 1.5ºC went unheeded, essentially because world leaders thought the measures required to meet such a target were politically unrealistic.
Another quick gain could come from encouraging people to eat more plant-based foods, perhaps by taxing meat and using the revenue to subsidize more sustainable alternatives. According to the UN Food and Agriculture Organization, the livestock industry is the second largest source of greenhouse-gas emissions, ahead of the entire transport sector.
The EAS, along with the ASEAN Regional Forum (ARF) ministerial meetings last July, made important contributions to improving the region’s security environment.
The aim must be to make the region more resilient to natural disasters as part of a broader framework for regional cooperation.
The Vienna Document, which is the key to understanding these OSCE efforts, obliges annual exchanges of information on existing military forces, the structure of armed forces, and major weapons and defense systems.
The gap between Europe’s security needs and its military capacities is widening, and most European leaders lack the will to do what is necessary to close it.
First and foremost, savings generated from restructuring must be reinvested in transforming military forces.
Nations that cannot afford to field expeditionary forces capable of performing the full spectrum of 21st-century missions should make greater use of specialization to enhance their contribution to Europe’s collective defense.
While NATO and the EU have improved their working relations, more steps need to be taken to eliminate mistrust, unhealthy competition, and information-sharing blockages.
Greater defense integration in Europe is not just an appealing or interesting idea; it is an imperative.
Moreover, in terms of economic participation and opportunity, women continue to lag behind men by a considerable 15-25% even in the most gender-equal societies.
WEF data suggest a strong correlation between a country’s progress in closing the gender gap – particularly in education and the labor force – and its economic competitiveness.
For example,&nbsp;research finds that women tend to be less confident and less likely to negotiate for pay raises and promotions than equally qualified men.
In the words of Klaus Schwab, the WEF’s founder, “Only those economies which have full access to all their talent will remain competitive and will prosper.
The coal industry seems determined to fight for profits at the expense of the global environment.
But China's capital is hardly unique in that respect.
That means cleaning up developed economies and working to prevent the massive expansion of industries that damage our collective health and future.
Last month, India’s Supreme Court found that all 218 coal-mining licenses allocated by the government in 1993-2009 had been granted in an “illegal and arbitrary” manner, with the committee responsible for the process lacking transparency and rife with corruption.
For starters, instead of conducting fair and transparent open-tender processes, governments often empower their ministers to decide which companies are allocated lucrative fossil-fuel exploration and extraction contracts, and conflicts of interest are not disclosed.
If foreign multinationals dominate extractive sectors and are allowed to repatriate their profits, instead of investing them locally, ordinary citizens receive virtually no benefit from what is often their country’s largest and most profitable economic sector.
Banks incurring balance-sheet damage will have to be recapitalized.
The question is what can be done about them.
“Sovereign cocos” have the advantage that their activation would not constitute a credit event triggering the credit-default swaps written on the bonds. The existence of large quantities of CDS, together with uncertainty about who has written them, has fed the reluctance to proceed with restructuring.
But not adding them is a recipe for more delay, more bailouts, and more chaos the next time the debts of a sovereign like Greece become unsustainable.
Governments in the region are pledging to cut emissions by as much as 25% by 2030, and to implement other measures to mitigate and adapt to climate change; overall, these efforts are expected to require at least $4 billion a year in investments.
Using the asset-backed security model, we recently joined with the UN’s Green Climate Fund and China to structure a $450 million “green bond” facility. This will allow pension funds and insurance companies to finance indirectly the necessary equipment upgrades in mom-and-pop stores and workshops from Tijuana to Tierra del Fuego.
Coca cultivation has been slashed by a quarter in the past five years, and seizures of cocaine have almost doubled.
First, drug users in Europe are switching to cocaine from heroin.
This raises a basic credibility issue: how can Europe urge Colombia and Peru to reduce supply when its own drug habit is driving cultivation?
The Andean region has less than 1% of the world’s land area, but more than 15% of its plant life.
Cold War Lessons for George W. Bush
Many of these scientists became leading proponents of human rights and liberalization inside the USSR.
But such scorn is misplaced, because popular entertainment often contains subtle images and messages about individualism, consumer choice, and other values that have important political effects.
Although the Soviet Union restricted and censored Western films, those that made it through had devastating political effects.
Lennon trumped Lenin.
For a start, Bush could learn to get out of the way and encourage more popular and grassroots contacts.
Many of these officials are former leaders of the Kosovo Liberation Army, a militia that led an insurrection against Slobodan Milosevic’s Serbia.
It should also stand foursquare behind Prime Minister Hashim Thaci’s announced anti-corruption campaign, while monitoring it to ensure that it does not degrade into an effort to destroy his political opponents.
In May, Macedonian police shot and killed NLA members as they were trying to smuggling weapons across the border from Kosovo.
For a child born in the 1960’s, the diagnosis of the most common form of childhood cancer, acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), meant almost certain death, with a survival rate of less than 10%.
The COG conducts research across the spectrum of cancers that afflict children, and has approximately 100 clinical trials underway around the world.
And yet, while this strategy has indeed resulted in better outcomes, the acute and long-term morbidity of therapy has been substantial.
The development of targeted new agents is likely to affect outcomes for other subtypes of childhood cancer, including anaplastic large-cell lymphoma and other types of leukemias.
Of course, a deteriorating economy is not exclusive to Colombia.
In addition, international financial markets perceive Colombia’s economy as being fundamentally sound.
But if the international crisis lasts longer than the first half of 2010, all bets are off, and Colombia will struggle to find its economic footing in a region devastated by generalized contraction.
But, in the Middle East and Central America, external actors – the United States and the Soviet Union – produced the change; in the case of the Colombian process, the change came from within.
In this case, returning land to dispossessed peasants and offering financial reparation to the victims and those who were displaced by the conflict became the way to peace.
West Africa, too, would be affected, having become in recent years the main transit point for South American drugs headed to Europe.
The good news is that the modern Colombia, the country of peace and progress, is winning.
But strong budget rules, similar to Chile’s, keep fiscal policy well anchored.
Firms learn to export new products by selling them in regional markets.
At a time of intensifying political conflict and painfully few success stories, Colombians are giving the world reason for hope.
With Uribe in charge, Colombia seemed to be on a roll.
Moreover, it might also lose Plan Colombia, the huge – and hugely controversial – American aid program that has funneled tens of billions of dollars into Colombia since the late 1990’s, ostensibly to fight the drug cartels, but also, in fact, to wage counter-insurgency.
Uribe may not deserve such a fate, but history works in strange ways.
Moreover, Colombia is no longer the world’s gold medalist in producing cocaine.
With a colossal and diverse geography of 1.2 million square kilometers, Colombia’s dramatically inadequate infrastructure is as much a handicap for economic development as poor security.
But the rule of law did eventually prevail.
His “Democratic Security” policy now seems to have definitively turned the tables in the country’s fight against the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), which have seen their leaders killed and their hostages freed.
Under the first scenario, Uribe faces the danger of being pushed into a “weak” or “unconditional” peace process.
If Uribe stands down, whoever succeeds him will probably maintain most of his policies and continue to work toward improving security in the country.
With Israel’s approval, The Carter Center has monitored all three Palestinian elections.
Hamas wishes now to consolidate its political gains, maintain domestic order and stability, and refrain from any contacts with Israel.
Recently, Israeli leaders have decided on unilateral actions without involving either the US or the Palestinians, with withdrawal from Gaza as the first step.
Casualties have increased during the past few years as the occupying forces imposed tighter controls.
Homosexual acts are crimes in Ghana - and across much of sub-Saharan Africa.
In Accra, a trendy street club named Strawberries is well known as a hangout for gays, and there are a few prominent, if still discreet, clubs where homosexual men and women gather.
Last year I worked in Ghana as country director of Journalists for Human Rights, a Canadian group that helps African journalists give voice to the voiceless in their society while raising awareness of human rights abuses.
While no one objected to the coverage by the Daily Graphic , no one denounced homosexuality either.
Yet the notion of "coming out" may not be a solution for every African homosexual.
Indeed, its malleability is the reason it has overcome periodic crises over the centuries and outlived critics from Karl Marx on.
The history of capitalism has been a process of learning and re-learning these lessons.&#160; Adam Smith’s idealized market society required little more than a “night-watchman state.”
This “mixed-economy” model was the crowning achievement of the twentieth century.
When Chinese-style capitalism met American-style capitalism, with few safety valves in place, it gave rise to an explosive mix.
Coming to Grips with History
In the Baltic Sea Region we have a particularly difficult history to deal with, if we look at the last 90 years.
But to the three Baltic countries the end of WWII led to half a century of occupation and lost opportunities.
The Danish philosopher Soren Kierkegaard put his finger on one of the more fundamental problems: “Life must be lived forwards – but can only be understood backwards”.
Recent events have highlighted this problem – and Governor Zhou thus was right to call for a different system.
As a result, not even the euro has seriously challenged the dollar as the dominant reserve currency. Doing so would be even more difficult for the SDR.
The dollar being more liquid, its first-mover advantage proved impossible to surmount.
Transforming the SDR into a true international currency would require surmounting other obstacles.
Am I the only one who finds this logic a bit crooked?
Another big change has come from fast-growing emerging-market countries, many of which, facing a wall of money coming their way from slow-growth advanced countries (and mindful of the costs that large and volatile capital flows can bring), have chosen to apply capital controls.
This should not be surprising, since many factors besides international debt flows can cause domestic banks to throw caution to the wind and start lending recklessly.
These assets become “toxic” – not simply risky, but carrying a risk that cannot be quantified.
Indeed, its risk-free status was embedded in the European Union regulatory framework, which allows banks to hold large volumes of any eurozone country’s public debt without having to put aside any capital to cover potential losses.
The authorities acquired some of the “toxic” assets, which over time became easier to value, as a few years of data on mortgage delinquency rates allowed investors to find ways to measure the risk.
The European Council has solemnly declared that Greece’s de facto default (orchestrated through so-called “private-sector involvement”) remains an exceptional and unique case.
Doing so would lead them to recognize seven compelling reasons why a more collaborative approach to solving Egypt’s problems is in the country’s collective interest, as well as in their own individual interests.
Third, faced with chronic economic disorder and political instability, Egyptians increasingly lament the “hijacking” of the revolution, fueling mistrust of the country’s governing elites.
This could be addressed promptly; while eliminating inefficiencies and re-orienting institutions that were co-opted by the old system to serve the few rather than the many would increase potential output significantly.
While no single Egyptian leader can credibly convey Mandela’s message of “forgive but don’t forget,” together – working collaboratively and cooperatively – they can help to shift the country’s focus from the rear-view mirror to the road ahead.
The empowerment of ordinary Egyptians has fundamentally changed things.
Containing systemic risks, therefore, requires not just ensuring transparency and managing leverage in the system, but also recognizing that these risks vary along with asset values.  If institutions that were heavily exposed had understood this, they would have raised their capital buffers during the run-up in housing and equity prices in order to protect themselves against the inevitable reversals.
As a result, not only are countercyclical measures needed, but banks’ capital requirements should vary inversely with the boom-and-bust fluctuations in the asset markets to which they are heavily exposed.
Their aim is to discourage trading that pushes prices further away from the range and to encourage trading that helps to bring them back.
The first school of thought, broadly that of the United States’ Republican Party, was that financial regulation was bad because all regulation was bad.
More competition for investment-banking oligarchs from commercial bankers and insurance companies with deep pockets seemed likely to reduce the investment banking industry’s unconscionable profits.
And central banks’ failure to regard their primary job to be the stabilization of nominal income – their failure not only to be good Keynesians, but even good monetarists – raises the question of whether central banking itself needs drastic reform.

और फिर भी, उद्योग के कुछ प्रगतिशील अग्रणियों को छोड़कर, मात्र कुछ कंपनियों ने ही इस स्वैच्छिक मार्गदर्शन के लिए प्रतिक्रिया व्यक्त की है। 2013 में, डच शोधकर्ताओं ने यूरोपीय शेयर बाजारों में सूचीबद्ध उन 186 कंपनियों का सर्वेक्षण किया जो संघर्ष क्षेत्र वाले खनिजों का इस्तेमाल करती हैं। 80% से अधिक ने अपनी वेब साइटों पर इसका कोई जिक्र नहीं किया कि उन्होंने संघर्ष के लिए धन देने या मानवाधिकार के दुरुपयोगों से बचने के लिए क्या किया था।&nbsp; इसी प्रकार, व्यापार के लिए यूरोपीय आयोग के महानिदेशक ने यह पाया कि 153 यूरोपीय संघ कंपनियों में से केवल 7% कंपनियाँ ही अपनी वार्षिक रिपोर्टों में या अपनी वेब साइटों पर संघर्ष क्षेत्र के खनिज पदार्थों के बारे में उचित जाँच-पड़ताल करने की नीति का उल्लेख करती हैं।

Consumption is dropping, and companies are cutting investment.
Foreign investors are repatriating their funds on an unprecedented scale.
But, given the scale of capital flows, I am also urging the governments and central banks of the advanced countries to provide parallel financing to the IMF’s crisis-response programs.
Whatever the problems in the financial system, the massive improvements over the years in technology, productivity, and social progress – the real fundamentals – are a genuine testament to the power of globalization as a force for good.
These two countries are very dissimilar in many respects, but not in their carbon profiles: each accounts for between 22% and 24% of all human-generated greenhouse gases in the world.
Too much focus has been put on carbon cuts for nearly two decades, almost to the exclusion of other elements.
The international community must also focus on stemming man-made environmental change.
Confused by the Veil
If the First Lady wears a headscarf, maintained the secular-minded elite, the whole secular system could be undermined.
Many Turks who go to the US for the first time are puzzled, indeed, by its religiosity .
Why then can’t a similar sisterhood be achieved in the realm of politics?
If one makes no distinctions and disregards nuances one will end up believing that 60% Turkish women wear the veil.
Congo’s Infinite War
Today, a quarter of a million people are on the run, almost half of them on territory under rebel control and with almost no access to aid.
Together with other aid agencies, IRC staff formed a convoy and MONUC offered armed vehicles to protect it. But when armed men stopped the convoy on the road, the Uruguayan peacekeepers from MONUC simply turned around and vanished, leaving the aid workers to their fate.


सरकारों, बीमा कंपनियों, चिकित्सा पेशेवरों, रोगियों, और देखभालकर्ताओं को मिलकर काम करने की जरूरत है ताकि यह सुनिश्चित हो सके कि स्वास्थ्य निरंतरता में इस बदलाव को अच्छी तरह से प्रबंधित किया जाता है, ताकि पहुँच का विस्तार किया जा सके, परिणामों में सुधार किया जा सके, और उत्पादकता को बढ़ाया जा सके। साथ में मिलकर, हमारे पास अरबों लोगों के जीवन में सुधार लाने, अधिक स्वस्थ समाज तैयार करने, लागतों में बचत करने, और आर्थिक विकास को बढ़ावा देने के लिए अवसर है।
My greatest concern is that today’s financial crisis evolves into tomorrow’s human crisis.
First, we need a global stimulus package to turn this crisis around.
While the G-20 nations whose leaders met in Washington account for nearly 80% of world production, trade and investment, more than 170 other countries, representing one-third of the world’s people, were not there.
The great challenges before us are interrelated: the global economy, climate change, and development.
I spent my high school years in Calcutta, and I remember that if you picked up your phone, there was no guarantee that you would get a dial tone; if you got a dial tone and dialed a number, there was no guarantee that you would reach the number you sought, and you heard an exasperated “wrong number!” more often than a friendly “hello.”
I am not merely celebrating a triumph for India’s capitalists.
Farmers used to have to send an able-bodied relative – perhaps a ten year-old boy – on a grueling walk to town in the hot sun to find out whether the market was open, whether their harvest could be sold, and, if so, at what price.
It is not just in New York, Shanghai, or Paris that one finds a mobile telephone in the hands of each passerby. These days, one finds mobile phones in Nairobi taxis and among camel-herders in Northern Kenya.
In a Millennium Village in Ethiopia that I recently visited with the country’s health minister, a local father explained to me how he had decided to keep his daughter in school rather than marrying her at age 12 to a neighbor’s son. “I asked my daughter what she wanted to do,” the father explained, “and she told me that she wants to stay in school, so she is continuing in school.”
When poor families have fewer children, they can afford to invest more per child in health, nutrition, and schooling. Mothers can spend more time in the job market, breaking long-standing barriers of gender inequality.
Conquering Europe’s Debt Mountain
Perhaps worse, some also spent more than they could easily repay, given their economies’ declining long-term growth potential because of the aging of their populations.
Similarly, civil servants must forego promised pay increases, and the government is looking for annual savings in the federal armed forces of up to €3 billion through structural reforms.
Germany and France have proposed stricter rules on borrowing and spending, backed by tough, semi-automatic sanctions for governments that do not comply.
It can be done: Germany is reducing its debt burden to sustainable levels while strengthening its long-term growth prospects.
The World Bank estimates that natural capital constitutes a quarter of total wealth in low-income countries, compared to 3% in the highly developed economies.
The Critical Ecosystem Partnership Fund (CEPF), an international initiative launched eight years ago, is based on the principle that local communities themselves are the best trustees of the environment that surrounds them, and that their economic growth will advance their capacity to care for nature.
The place to start is 1825, when panicked investors wanted their money invested in safe cash rather than risky enterprises.
To do so would be a truly radical step indeed.
So I wonder: why didn’t the US Congress follow the RFC/RTC model when authorizing George W. Bush’s and Barack Obama’s industrial and financial policies? Why haven’t the technocratic institutions that we do have, like the IMF, been given a broader role in this crisis?
After this performance, why give the Republicans another turn at the helm?
It’s a great line and it applies.
The young may be taking the lead – what Obama calls “a revolution from the bottom up” – but there is little opposition from today’s parents.
That’s a lot better than what we have today.
This question is not trivial, because the fiscal hair shirt has become the favored article of policy clothing among those who now dictate economic affairs.
Keynes pointed out the fallacy here: while the income derived from production is, by definition, equal to the value of production, it does not follow that all this income will be spent.
Keynes denied that real wages are set in the labor market.
For Keynes, this is untenable: “Actually…we have as a rule only the vaguest idea of any but the most direct consequences of our acts.”
If we don’t, the next one will come sooner than we think.
By 2004, the constitutional review process had broken down, owing to major disagreements between Kibaki’s camp in the coalition government, and the rest of the country.
Fortunately, that violence seems to be behind us.
During rush hour in Nairobi, it is nearly impossible for disabled people to get to the city center to work in their tiny businesses, which normally involve selling sweets and polishing shoes near the sidewalks, by public transportation.
Corruption flourishes only because most Kenyans give rather than take bribes.
I recently debated this point with Krugman at a New York Review of Books event.
Once winded political elites had recovered their breath, they began telling a story designed to preclude any further fiscal stimulus.
The bleeding school produced some flaky evidence to show that this had happened in a few instances.
Although Krugman invented his discourse for an American readership, it perfectly fits the British case as well.
These changes happened recently – and fast. How did they occur?
Otherwise, they could face a fate similar to Nokia, which was disintermediated by one tech company (Apple) and acquired by another (Microsoft).
But, while some well-established companies in traditional industries are already looking for ways to adapt, others still need to do a lot more.
But four general guidelines can help managers effectively adapt their mindsets and business models to facilitate orderly and constructive self-disruption.
Households consume one third of the final energy used in the European Union and produce around two-thirds of municipal waste.
In times of crisis, consumers are likely to prioritize high-quality products that will last a long time and won’t go out of style.
This is all the more true for educating consumers about energy-efficient behavior and its implications for their own economic welfare.
We are also working closely with the Confederation of Food and Drinks Industries in Europe on its European Food Sustainable Production and Consumption Round Table.
Containing Financial Turmoil
Even many of the poorest countries seemed, at long last, to be joining in, posting strong growth on the back of rising energy and raw material prices, renewed mining investments from abroad, and increasing fiscal revenues.
While there has been some progress on harmonizing standards and extending surveillance, there has been far too much emphasis on strengthening governance in developing countries and not enough on systemic problems linked to unregulated private capital flows.
Containment, not Appeasement
This was not the first time that containment – a strategy devised by George Kennan, the director of the US State Department’s Policy Planning Staff under President Harry Truman, in response to the Soviet threat after World War II – has been rejected as appeasement.
The hugely unpopular Shah they installed was swept away in the Islamic revolution in 1979.
It should have been the model in Iraq, as it now should be the model in Iran.
Terrorist groups can be minimized if their enabling states are contained.
NEW YORK – Earlier this month, Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez, a 24-year-old US citizen of Middle Eastern descent, opened fire at two military sites in Chattanooga, Tennessee, killing five.
But there is plenty of precedent for an alienated and disenchanted young man, brought up in the West (Abdulazeez attended high school and college in Chattanooga), to seek a cause worth fighting for – and to find it in the perceived humiliation of Islam by America and the West.
Kennan recognized this tendency decades ago, when he warned that shortsighted policies at home and abroad had already put America in a vulnerable position.
Russia, under Yeltsin’s successor, Vladimir Putin, defeated the separatists again, restoring federal control over the territory.
In this respect, however, Obama is hardly unique.
Moreover, much depends on external conditions.
Among the soft-power skills are emotional intelligence (self-control and the ability to use emotional cues to attract others); vision (an attractive portrait of the future that balances ideals, objectives, and capabilities); and communication (the ability to use words and symbols to persuade both an inner circle and a broader audience).
This skill is crucial in unstructured situations, when it is often more difficult to ask the right questions than it is to get the right answers.
But Chinese television fare, at least, no longer consists of the prudish melodramas and clumsy indoctrination programs of the Maoist past.
Given the staggering amount of programming needed to fill the time slots, content monitoring must be implemented with maximum efficiency.
Top-down directives and outright censorship are rare.
In effect, the system has become largely self-regulating.
Many TV producers have internalized these controls so well that they are an unconscious fact of life, and audiences now entertained by endless costume dramas and soap operas are not clamoring for freer political content.
Their failure would have dire consequences for the entire region.
The question remains whether Bashar understands that peace is not only about regaining the Golan, but also about normalization of relations with Israel, which his father was reluctant to allow.
Neither the Palestinians nor the Syrians will acquiesce to their exclusion.
The 2009 “World Prison Population List” compiled by the International Center for Prison Studies at King’s College, London, put the total number of inmates in Chinese jails at 1.57 million – larger than the population of Estonia, Guinea-Bissau, Mauritius, Swaziland, Trinidad &amp; Tobago, Fiji, or Qatar.
In theory, such practices run counter to regulations promulgated by the Chinese commerce ministry in August 2006, in response to a backlash against Chinese businesses in Zambia following the death of 51 Zambian workers in an explosion at a Chinese-owned copper mine.
But even before convicts became part of China’s overseas development effort, some Chinese projects, especially dam-building schemes, were embroiled in disputes with local communities in Botswana, Burma, Pakistan, Ghana, and Sudan.
वास्तव में, यही कारण है कि इस उद्यम में रूस की केंद्रीयता इतनी अधिक पेचीदा है। यह देखते हुए कि रूस हाल के समय तक - उत्तरी गोलार्द्ध के सबसे महत्वपूर्ण आर्थिक समूहीकरण - जी-8 का सदस्य था, ऐसा लग सकता है कि इसकी BRICS के अन्य चार सदस्यों के साथ कम आत्मीयता है, जिसे वैश्विक फ़ोरमों में परंपरागत रूप से प्रमुख विकासशील-देश की आवाज़ के रूप में देखा जाता है। लेकिन, BRICS के विचार का लाभ उठाकर, पुतिन ने वैकल्पिक वैश्विक प्लेटफ़ॉर्म का निर्माण करने - और वैकल्पिक वैश्विक नज़रिये को आगे बढ़ाने - की अपनी इच्छा प्रकट की।
BRICS देशों में समान बात मौजूदा विश्व व्यवस्था में उन स्थानों से बहिष्करण है जिसके बारे में उनका मानना है कि वे ही वहाँ रहने के योग्य हैं। हो सकता है कि यह नई भरोसेमंद अंतर्राष्ट्रीय व्यवस्था के लिए पर्याप्त आधार न लगे। लेकिन यह देखते हए कि जब 2050 से पहले उनकी अर्थव्यवस्थाएँ जी-7 के देशों की अर्थव्यवस्थाओं को पार कर लेंगी, तो फिर जो दिखाई दे रहा है वह छलावा भी हो सकता है।
Moreover, international development players – including UN agencies, NGOs, corporate citizenship programs, and other charitable organizations – rarely coordinate their activities, even though their interventions are increasingly concentrated in densely populated cities.
In construction, for example, contractors are forming partnerships with labs to test materials that better reflect heat while absorbing energy to power cooling systems, and utility companies are leveraging new software tools to deploy smart meters in homes and offices.
Many cities worldwide are following its example, expanding their water catchment and treatment programs.
While some factory jobs can be outsourced or automated, robots cannot yet retrofit buildings, install solar PV cells on rooftops, or construct vertical farms.
As Martin Wolf has emphasized, the 2008-2009 financial crisis made voters understandably angry at “greedy plutocrats and their lackeys in politics and media.”
But what is true of financial markets need not be true of other markets.
It is great to be Keynesian – but during both halves of the cycle.
We did this in Chile during the copper price boom of 2006-2008, running budget surpluses of up to eight percentage points of GDP.
Canada has a single public payer but mostly private providers.
Political leadership – Italy’s prime minister, Matteo Renzi, is one example – is now required to push those ideas forward.
During the Cold War, social democracy was Western Europe’s egalitarian alternative to communism.
Blair vacationed with Silvio Berlusconi, Italy’s plutocrat prime minister. Clinton used his presidential pardon to allow wealthy cronies to elude justice.
Compared to Corbyn, Sanders is a moderate.
It is unlikely, but possible, that a hardliner like Ted Cruz, or a rank amateur with deep religious convictions, such as the neurosurgeon Ben Carson, will capture the party.
And, as I have noted previously, people are not only paying greater attention; they also have more power than ever before to make their voices heard.
In the United States, the Securities and Exchange Commission enacted a rule at the beginning of August requiring public companies to disclose the pay gap between workers and CEOs.
As the full extent of the cover-up was revealed, foreign investors, like GIC Private Limited (Singapore’s sovereign wealth fund), rebelled.
CalPERS (the California Public Employees’ Retirement System), a $300 billion pension fund, has published its corporate governance principles, which include boardroom diversity, fair labor practices, and environmental protection.
That public sentiment is affecting business worldwide.
Working closely with others who think differently can be scary and frustrating.
Research has shown that such teams outperform others, which means that this approach can lead to a tremendous competitive advantage.
As former Procter &amp; Gamble CEO and current US Secretary of Veterans Affairs Bob McDonald is fond of saying, leaders have a responsibility to make sure that their organization can “do well and do good.”
To understand why, it is important to focus on the individuals who make decisions for companies.
But, because publicly traded companies usually have a large amount of capital in place, lax rules would enable insiders to use this capital to their advantage.
Countries that are more developed, and have political systems that are more accountable to voters and less vulnerable to corporate lobbying, may lead to better corporate governance and investor protection rules.
Upon closer inspection, the supposed negative consequences of investor short-termism appear not to be happening at all.
But the problems associated with them – from price hikes of life-saving drugs to serious environmental damage – are not the result of managers’ excessive focus on short-term stock-market results.
True, buybacks can undermine a particular firm’s ability to invest in its own future, causing incumbent employees and managers to lose out.
Corporate Short-Termism in the Fiscal Cliff’s Shadow
But highlighting short-term trading in stock markets obscures other powerful sources of short-termism in corporate time horizons, such as uncertainty about long-term government fiscal policies on both sides of the Atlantic.
The declining average is partly due to a furiously trading fringe.
Companies on both sides of the Atlantic could be thrown off course by the US fiscal cliff and the EU sovereign-debt crisis.
Is corruption something that has always existed here but was somehow hidden until now? Are we learning of it because our prosecutor and police are bolder and better equipped nowadays?
True, corruption has also become more common in other countries in recent years, and many democracies are stained by links between politics and finance.
Injustice and exploitation are an everyday occurrence, justified by references to security or the ideology of Greater Israel.
In these conditions, a strong judicial system and police force do not always suffice to contain corruption.
The police, whose phone taps led to a wave of arrests, have filed charges alleging involvement by well-known organized crime figures. They have even linked a player for India’s national team to the fugitive Dawood Ibrahim, widely suspected of being the architect of the 1993 Bombay bombings, who has been hiding in Pakistan.
To keen observers, the IPL represented more than a sports league; it signaled nothing less than the emergence of a new India.
The character flaws laid bare in the IPL must be curbed if India is ever to fulfill its obvious promise and take its place at the front of the world stage in the twenty-first century.
Cory provided policy guidance as Commander-in-Chief, but trusted the Defense Department and Armed Forces to carry out their missions in the face of 9 coup attempts which were all frustrated.  These mutinies were all death-dealing situations that threatened national stability, and yet she never flinched. 
These are the internal wars every nation and society, no matter how big or small, must win.  Cory Aquino’s lifetime of service and sacrifice provided the tools and a model for how to win that seemingly eternal struggle.  To sustain such a treasured legacy and defend democracy wherever it is threatened is our collective responsibility.
During the last three decades, middle-income households in most developed countries enjoyed larger increases in disposable income than comparable US households.
Over the past several decades, as growth in disposable income slowed, middle- and lower-income households turned to debt to sustain consumption.
Looking to the future, growing income inequality and stagnant incomes for the majority of Americans mean weaker aggregate demand and slower growth.
Given the US Supreme Court’s evisceration of campaign-finance restrictions, it has become easier than ever for concentrated economic power to exercise concentrated political power.
It noted that “borrowers at risk of significant mortgage payment increases remained a small minority, concentrated mostly among higher-income households that were aware of the attendant risks,” and concluded that “indications are that credit and risk allocation mechanisms in the U.S. housing market have remained relatively efficient.”
The IMF has been criticized for burdening borrowers with unnecessary and sometimes perverse lending conditions, but its highly qualified staff has not been shy in blowing the whistle when it perceived domestic vulnerabilities in other countries.
Countdown to Withdrawal from Iraq
But it also reflects a growing belief that the war is failing.
Some, like John Murtha and Nancy Pelosi, the minority leader in the House of Representatives, want a short timetable, while others, like Senator Joseph Biden, resists a firm timetable but predicts a withdrawal of 50,000 US troops in 2006, with many of the remaining 100,000 to follow in 2007. Those of us who believe that invading Iraq was a mistake, and that Bush is guilty of hubris in his failure to plan adequately for the aftermath, face a dilemma: if America withdraws too precipitously, it may compound these mistakes.
Similarly, if Bush sets a short timetable, he may encourage the insurgents to wait him out.
Instead, Bush should plan on a two-year window to give the Iraqi government as strong a chance as possible before the Americans leave, while emphasizing that Iraqis will thereafter be responsible for their own security and political salvation.

और फिर भी मौलिक और टिकाऊ समाधानों के लिए स्थानीय प्रतिभा महत्वपूर्ण होती है। दरअसल, अनुसंधान की समावेशी संस्कृति का विकास करने पर, स्थानीय नवाचार में ऐसे लाभ प्रदान करने की क्षमता होती है जो हल की जानेवाली विशिष्ट समस्या से कहीं अधिक होते हैं।
Indeed, it is a question that also speaks to the increasingly worrisome outlook for the global economy.
Indeed, until the recent renewed downturn in America and Europe, the emerging world’s major policy concern was too much growth, mounting inflationary pressure, and economic overheating.
Thus, they would minimize the deterioration in their trade surpluses, maintain competitive exchange rates, and safeguard their foreign reserves and net-creditor positions.
But such steps, while notable, would prove insufficient to counter fully the slowdown emanating from the West; and it certainly would not materially change the outlook for the United States and Europe.
Indeed, Richard Nixon’s journey to China in 1972 opened the door for China’s return to the international community.
When left to the market, many firms and individuals try to innovate, so the overall probability of success can increase dramatically.
But when a country’s growth rate continues to increase, its saving rate would increase faster than its investment rate, so it is more likely to run a current-account surplus.
While this model has, of course, helped the US to become the world’s leading economy, it has also delivered severe structural problems.
But, while large capital inflows reduce borrowing costs, they also tend to cause current-account deficits: lower costs of capital boost asset prices, with the wealth effect then prompting people to consume more than they earn.
But progress has mostly stalled.
But we can expect that the market for long-term GDP-linked bonds from countries like Argentina, where the future of the economy is uncertain, would be volatile, as investors adjust their expectations of future GDP growth up and down in response to new information.
To be sure, investors would have then lost on their bet on Argentina’s growth, but they would still have been protected against inflation, even if their bonds had not been denominated in dollars (because Argentina’s nominal GDP would have moved up with inflation).
The spread of inflation-indexed bonds serves as a historical precedent.

Will living standards rise worldwide, as today’s poor countries leapfrog technologies to catch up with richer countries? Or will prosperity slip through our fingers as greed and corruption lead us to deplete vital resources and degrade the natural environment on which human well-being depends?
Mobile phone coverage in Sub-Saharan Africa, for example, has gone from nearly zero subscribers 20 years ago to around 700 million today.
Scientists have even given a name to our era, the Anthropocene, in which humanity (“anthropos” in Greek) is having a large-scale impact on the planet’s ecosystems.
So, what will it take to write the happy ending? First, we must recognize that we, as a global society, have a choice to make.
In the months and years ahead, these leaders will share their visions of a prosperous and sustainable global society.
For example, if the US hadn’t provided essentially unconditional support to Citigroup in 2008 (under President George W. Bush) and again in 2009 (under President Barack Obama), the resulting financial collapse would have deepened the global recession and worsened job losses around the world.
The problem is incentives – what bailouts imply for attitudes and behavior within the financial sector.
Unfortunately, this is simply not the case.
LAGUNA BEACH – One of the most difficult challenges facing Western governments today is to enable and channel the transformative – and, for individuals and companies, self-empowering – forces of technological innovation.
In this context, taking the steps needed to upgrade economic systems, including infrastructure in the US and the incomplete union in Europe, or to meet historical challenges like the refugee crisis, seems all but impossible.
Even when governments decide to implement policies that enable economic upgrading and adaptation, they cannot do so in isolation.
Otherwise, the transformative forces will leave them and their citizens behind.
We buy things that mean something more to us than what we use them for.
Europe gave the world Hippocrates, da Vinci, Voltaire, Beethoven, Florence Nightingale, Dostoyevski, Nobel, John Lennon, and many others who have shaped world culture.
This will require an explicit emphasis on ensuring the conditions that promote and sustain creativity, and the updated Lisbon Strategy that is to be launched in March should include a commitment that Europe will move in this direction.
In a word, no.
Unfortunately, sometimes prices fail to perform this signaling function properly, as the dot-com and housing bubbles in recent years showed.
In this respect, CDSs are unique.
Medical tests, too, often bring bad news, but abolishing medical testing does not solve problems, it only hides them, making them worse.
To do so would only sow the seeds of the next bubble.
There is only one problem: Chinese people do not seem to want to consume, at least according to commonly cited data.
People in their twenties could borrow money to buy a house, start a family, and go on holiday, paying the money back when they are in their fifties and would much rather stay at home and enjoy their grandchildren.
First, banks still have few reliable means of checking borrowers’ creditworthiness, including previous loans from other banks.
Finally, China needs a greater diversity of financial products.
Consider Strike Debt, an offshoot of the Occupy movement, which calls itself “a nationwide movement of debt resisters fighting for economic justice and democratic freedom.”
Rolling Jubilee bought it for $106,709.48, or about three cents on the dollar.
None of this is new.
Widespread social resistance to creditors’ claims on debtors’ property for non-payment has meant that “foreclosure” has rarely been carried to extremes.
Rather, we need to limit the supply of and demand for credit to what the economy is capable of producing.
Italians, after all, migrated not only from Italy’s south to its north, but also to other countries looking for a better life.
The Roma population, indeed, has 41% seasonal workers, 33.5 % lack any professional skills, 38.7 % are illiterate.
People who know the frightening neighborhood of Tor di Quinto, where Giovanna Reggiani was killed have harsh words to say about the neglect and indifference of Rome’s city government.
It will happen, I hope, also in other places and not only with Romanians but with all the people ready to face the provocations of our time.
And some women’s rights advocates have supported laws that criminalize transmitting HIV, arguing that these laws would punish men who concealed their HIV-positive status from their sexual partners, including their wives and girlfriends.
Laws criminalizing the transmission of HIV undermine public health because they deter people who are HIV-positive and those at risk of acquiring the virus from seeking testing, counseling, and treatment.
The Disintegration of Europe
The eurozone and refugee crises have common features that make them tricky to resolve.
Restructuring Greek debt in 2010 would have implied a financial hit for French and German banks (and the governments that stood behind them), but a much smaller loss than that implied by the mushrooming costs of an enduring crisis. Likewise, whereas welcoming refugees requires an initial investment of public funds, it can pay dividends as soon as the newcomers start working.
Merkel has played a much more positive role in the refugee crisis.
Countries joined; none left.
The vast majority of those who have fled the carnage in Syria live in camps in Jordan, Lebanon, and Turkey. Indeed, at least ten Turkish cities are now home to more refugees than original inhabitants, and more Syrian refugees are living in Istanbul than in all the EU countries combined.
In today’s disagreements lie the roots of a stronger union.
Not surprisingly, Hong Kong’s oligopoly of property tycoons opposed changing the peg despite the currency’s gross overvalue at the time.
When, during the 1997-98 Asian financial crisis, global investment professionals turned their attention from Thailand and Korea to Hong Kong, they quickly spotted structural weaknesses in the way the currency was managed.
He claims that he should be rewarded as a fund manager supervising a multibillion-dollar fund in the private sector.
There is much speculation that Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang is about to appoint a generalist civil servant better known for his personal loyalty than for his financial expertise.
(The formal program was mostly publicly traded companies talking about their earnings outlooks, with one section reserved for privately held companies.)
In the end, SharePractice will adopt more or less the same revenue model as Epocrates: freemium/subscription, perhaps institutional sales, and lead generation.
The WiserTogether service uses a unique interface/data-presentation model to provide personal advice to consumers of medical services, though it will be sold primarily to institutions and doctors.
We aren’t invading their privacy, because no one cares who they are – only where they are and how fast they are going.
Ultimately, economic progress depends on creativity.
Phelps stresses that corporatist thinking has had a long and enduring history, going back to Saint Paul, the author of as many as 14 books of the New Testament.
For Le Bon, “An individual in a crowd” – not only angry mobs on the street, but also other psychologically interconnected groups of people – “is a grain of sand amid other grains of sand, which the wind stirs up at will.”
When the United States’ Jumpstart Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act, which facilitated true crowd-funding of enterprises, was signed by President Barack Obama in 2012, it was an experiment, too.
YANGON – Religious orders of monks have been the face of Burma ever since Buddhism was introduced here more than 1,000 years ago.
As monks, we believe in alleviating suffering wherever we see it, as part of the vows we have taken.
We know that some people in the army and organizations close to the regime have been reluctant to use violence against the monks.
Brigadier General Kyaw Hsan, a representative of the military, recently told UN Special Envoy Ibrahim Gambari that the marchers in the streets were “bogus monks.”
The military government will do anything to remain in power, and their violent acts must be exposed to the world.
This represents a tragedy that is as avoidable as it is immense.
Sri Lanka, Indonesia, Peru, and Botswana all halved neonatal mortality during the 1990s.
But the world needs to act now to generate the political will and financial resources needed to save the lives of up to three million babies who die each year simply because they are born without the basic care that is their right.
Shareholder value was dismissed as a fad and a fraud.
The scandal looked like an obvious weapon to be used in the war of rival models of business organization: critics portrayed Parmalat as the latest manifestation of a crisis of European-style family capitalism.
The two styles of capitalism can be contrasted as the family firm versus the post-modern firm.
In the past, the concern with long corporate life was criticized for restricting growth.
Membership in the IMF is a precondition for joining the World Bank, and the advantages that Cuba could gain from membership in the latter are easy to see.
Moreover, none of these other potential sources of financing would match the World Bank’s technical support.
It takes more time to build up skills and open trade opportunities than it does to lay off workers and shut down inefficient firms.
As soon as Cuba files an application, the IMF will send a technical mission to gather the necessary data and prepare a paper describing the economy and recommending a quota of voting rights and contributions.
Arrangements would then be made to sign the IMF’s Articles of Agreement.
After Cuba joined the IMF (and the World Bank) in 1946, it played a positive role in the Fund for the next 12 years.
After the US trade embargo was imposed in 1960, Cuba became heavily dependent on the Soviet Union for economic support.
Approval of a membership application requires a simple majority vote by the IMF Board of Governors.
Under President Barack Obama, the US is on record as favoring Cuba’s reintegration into the world economy.
As Antonio Damasio argues in his aptly titled book Self Comes to Mind, the brain creates an autobiographical sense of self.
It has a history and a telos.
Likewise, only a new narrative – a new Geist – can persuade the British today that they are really Europeans.
Similarly, Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro cannot stop inflation, because the narrative of economic warfare in which he is trapped prevents him from justifying the decisions needed to stabilize prices.
Cuba must explicitly request reinstatement, and a dialogue must be initiated in accordance with the premises of the OAS Charter and other basic OAS documents, and in consonance with the principles on which those documents are based – most importantly, democracy and respect for human rights.
The ALBA group pushed hard for a vote, or a compromise on its terms, which it could then flaunt to the world and to domestic public opinion.
He is a moderate, modern leftist who has openly identified himself with Brazilian President Lula and Barack Obama, as opposed to Chávez.
Curing Hereditary Breast Cancer
This new treatment targets only the tumor cells and is unlikely to affect other healthy cells in the body.
Thus, only the tumor cells will have a non-functional recombination pathway and rely completely on PARP to repair single-strand breaks before copying the DNA.
The reason is simple: cells that have recently lost the functional BRCA1 or BRCA2 allele and that will later grow into tumors will also be unable to undergo recombination.
Today, every country seems to want to depreciate its currency.
But this would ignore a fundamental asymmetry between advanced and emerging countries.
For both sides, it is more desirable to let the adjustment take place through changes in nominal exchange rates, which would help contain deflation in the north and inflation in the south.
The controversy over China’s exchange-rate policy thus is no mere bilateral US-China trade dispute, but rather a global macroeconomic clash between advanced and emerging countries.
WASHINGTON, DC – Is it appropriate to use trade agreements to discourage countries from using large-scale intervention in the foreign-exchange market to hold down their currencies’ value? That is the question of the day in American economic-policy circles.
The IMF does have up-to-date guidelines that define and seek to prevent currency manipulation.
A well-designed currency chapter in the TPP would not impede US monetary independence.
Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, developed economies with floating exchange rates, do not want to encourage currency manipulation.
NEW HAVEN – As the US Congress grapples with the ever-contentious Trans-Pacific Partnership – President Barack Obama’s signature trade legislation – a major stumbling block looms.
America’s net national saving rate – the sum total of household, business, and government saving (adjusted for the depreciation of aging capacity) – currently stands at 2.5% of national income.
In other words, America does not suffer from a small number of bilateral trade deficits that can be tied to charges of currency manipulation by countries like China, Japan, Malaysia, or Singapore.
Lacking any semblance of a strategy to boost savings – not just a long-term fix to the federal government’s budget deficit, but also meaningful incentives for personal saving – US politicians have turned to yet another quick fix.
We can only hope that similar wisdom prevails in the House of Representatives.
But such interventions are complicated – not least because they must account for the relationship between the country’s monetary-policy approach and that of other relevant countries.
The capacity for such adjustments is the hallmark of the flexible exchange-rate system; indeed, for more than four decades, it has proved time and again to be the key to global macroeconomic stability.
He is right.
That is no surprise, as European central bankers are the most conventional in their thinking and have been the most obsessed with inflation.
This is because the destruction of confidence undermines the “animal spirits” of capitalism: borrowers are unwilling to borrow and lenders are unwilling to lend.
To put it another way, spending is financed either by current taxes or through borrowing, and borrowing amounts to future taxes, which have almost the same impact on economic performance as current taxes.
For a given size of government, the method of raising tax revenue matters.
Going over the “fiscal cliff” would have had the attraction of seriously cutting government spending, although the composition of the cuts – nothing from entitlements and too much from defense – was unattractive.
Cyber Insecurity
In the murky world of the Internet, attackers are difficult to identify.
Terrorists, too, can exploit new vulnerabilities in cyberspace to engage in asymmetrical warfare.
That job will not be easy, because much of the relevant infrastructure is not under direct government control.
Given the enormous uncertainties involved, the new cyber dimensions of security must be high on every government’s agenda.
In my book The Future of Power, I argue that the diffusion of power away from governments is one of this century’s great political shifts. &amp; Cyberspace is a perfect example.
A more useful definition of cyber waris hostile action in cyberspace whose effects amplify or are equivalent to major physical violence.
If one treats so-called “hacktivism” by ideological groups as mostly a disruptive nuisance at this stage, there remain four major categories of cyber threats to national security, each with a different time horizon: cyber war and economic espionage are largely associated with states, and cyber crime and cyber terrorism are mostly associated with non-state actors.
CAMBRIDGE – Fear of a “cyber Pearl Harbor” first appeared in the 1990s, and for the past two decades, policymakers have worried that hackers could blow up oil pipelines, contaminate the water supply, open floodgates and send airplanes on collision courses by hacking air traffic control systems.
A sophisticated attacker can hide the point of origin behind the false flags of several remote servers.
Not only are governments improving their capabilities, but many private-sector companies are entering the game, and their participation reduces the costs to governments of having to disclose sensitive sources.
Such norms may have deterred the use of cyber weapons in US actions against Iraqi and Libyan air defenses.
Deterrence in the cyber era may not be what it used to be, but maybe it never was.
Clearly, there is a need for rules of the road in cyberspace, and perhaps cyber-power summitry – the US is the Internet technology leader, while China has the largest numbers of users – is the first step in this direction.
Attackers based in China recently broke into the US Office of Personnel Management and stole up to 22 million files with sensitive information on federal employees.
Crucially, it stresses “the need to promote the ‘openness’ in the global data ecosystem and thus the free flow of data across nations, sectors, and organizations.”
The EU must not allow a muddled understanding of digital realities to give rise to profoundly damaging digital protectionism.
On one side are the moral-hazard scolds, claiming that one of the major responsibilities confronting policymakers is to establish incentives that demonstrate that imprudent behavior does not pay.
And letting them learn is precisely what the fight against moral hazard is about.
But this solution was detrimental to financial stability in the rest of Europe, because it signaled that the €100,000 threshold below which deposits are guaranteed was not sacrosanct.
The consequences are already visible: to avoid a complete meltdown, Cyprus has been forced to introduce capital controls – which everyone had thought were illegal and unthinkable within the eurozone.
ATHENS – The Cyprus bailout deal is a watershed in the unfolding eurozone crisis, because responsibility for resolving banks’ problems has been shifted from taxpayers to private investors and depositors.
Privatization, market liberalization, the opening of closed professions, and government downsizing involve conflicts with powerful vested interests, such as businesses in protected industries, public-sector unions, or influential lobbies.
Instead, they emphasized harsh austerity, which was to be pursued everywhere.
The eurozone’s flaws reflect its conceptual distance from the US, which is the only model of a well-functioning monetary union.
Cyprus’s Last Best Chance
The sunny climate of the eastern Mediterranean draws a steady stream of tourists, and European Union membership in the south has pushed income levels for Greek Cypriots higher than the EU average.
When we visited Cyprus late last year, we noticed how few women and young people were engaged in politics.
Third, the major regional powers, whose presence hangs heavily over the island, need to play their part.
BERLIN &#45;&#45; Does history repeat itself, after all? Recent developments in the Middle East suggest that the answer is “yes,” because the situation at the end of President George W. Bush’s tenure increasingly resembles that of Bill Clinton’s final year in the presidency.
But this very political strength is precisely what both the Israeli and Palestinian governments lack.
As the domestic situations in Israel and Palestine have changed, so, too, has the regional political environment changed in a positive direction, because most Arab states today are more afraid of Iran’s regional domination than they are of Israel.
Such an agreement should be implemented gradually, and progress should depend on the parties’ fulfillment of their obligations each step of the way.

सन् 2003 में नार्वे में ऐसी ही स्थिति थी जब स्वास्थ्य व सामाजिक मामलों के मंत्री के तौर पर मैंने सार्वजनिक स्थलों पर धूम्रपान पर पाबंदी लगाने का अभियान चलाया था. उस वक्त इस पाबंदी का घोर विरोध हुआ था और संसार के सबसे घटिया तानाशाहों से मेरी तुलना की जाने लगी थी. पर मैं जानता था कि इस कदम से आने वाले वर्षों में कई जिंदगियां बच जाएंगी. मुझे पूरा विश्वास था कि अगर मैंने कार्यवाई नहीं की तो मतलब था कि मैं अपना काम सही तरीके से नहीं कर रहा था. और इसमें मैं अकेला नहीं था. आयरलैंड के स्वास्थ्य मंत्री मुझसे सहमत थे.
Given that fossil fuels are the lifeblood of the global economy, nobody has clean hands – and those who wish to lead the battle against global warming risk attracting the charge of hypocrisy.
Americans may love stories about individual change and redemption, but the global poor – who will be the principal victims of global warming – are more interested in what we do than in the state of our souls.
This sense is reinforced when environmentalists forgive their favorite billionaire for his involvement in the fossil-fuel industry and refer to him as if he was just another guy who changed his mind about which car to drive.
Mir-Hossein Mousavi, chosen by the late Ayatollah Khomeini to be prime minister in 1981, was such a figure.
Communists always had a tendency to dismiss the differences between candidates in liberal democracies (let alone “managed” ones).
Still, if voting confers dignity on citizens, participation in a fraud is humiliating.
Mousavi was regarded by many Iranians as a second chance.
Ahmedinejad won the election, but the regime is weakened as a result.
Official responses to the global economic crisis highlight the interventionist model’s merits, proving that decisive government action can help to enhance efficiency and clear unbalanced markets, thereby protecting the economy from the demand shortfall caused by falling investment and rising unemployment.
Many blame the crisis on the decades-long ascendancy of a laissez faire approach to economic policymaking, and rightly credit government intervention with facilitating recovery.
And Hayek found it “reassuring” to know that he and Keynes agreed “so completely.”
The G-20 recognized in 2008 that unfettered finance can generate costly crises; thus, it decided to re-regulate finance.
Prohibition of certain transactions for prudential reasons also makes sense, particularly for borrowing in foreign currencies by economic agents that do not have revenues in those currencies.
Moreover (and again counter to the guidelines), CFMs, almost by definition, require some discrimination between residents and non-residents.
Damming China’s Rivers
The sun was high above white-crowned Jade Dragon Snow Mountain when my guide pointed down the gorge at the brown waters churning thousands of feet below.
Yet the costs may outweigh the benefits.
These efforts appear to have catalyzed greater environmental sensitivity among the country’s leaders.
When boundaries were negotiated for Three Parallel Rivers Park – designated a UNESCO World Heritage site in 2003 – local authorities won a fight to exclude Tiger Leaping Gorge, knowing that a dam there would triple tax revenues.
In the advanced countries, dissatisfaction with government stems from its inability to deliver effective economic policies for growth and inclusion.
Moreover, policymakers often hide behind (real or imagined) competitive pressures emanating from the global economy to justify their lack of responsiveness to popular demands, and cite the same pressures when implementing unpopular policies such as fiscal austerity.
And, for many economists, delegating economic policy to technocratic bodies in order to insulate them from the “folly of the masses” almost always is the preferred approach.
As long as the military remains the ultimate political arbiter, these groups focus their strategies on the military rather than one another.
If these words ring true today, perhaps it is because when they were written, in 1926, inequality in the United States had reached heights comparable to today.
Exhibit A for Surowiecki is Stephen Schwarzman, the chairman and CEO of the private equity firm the Blackstone Group, whose wealth now exceeds $10 billion.
In periods of relative calm, governments’ role in writing and upholding the rules by which markets function can become obscured.
It is the government that enacts and enforces the copyright, patent, and trademark laws that protect intellectual property rights, guaranteeing successful innovators a steady stream of monopoly profits.
Led by China, scores of emerging and developing countries have registered record-high growth rates over recent decades, setting precedents for others to follow.
Obviously, not all countries can run trade surpluses at the same time.
But recipient economies are vulnerable to financial-market sentiment and sudden capital flight – as happened recently when investors anticipated monetary-policy tightening in the United States.
In an optimal world, the surpluses of countries pursuing export-led growth would be willingly matched by the deficits of those pursuing debt-led growth.
PRINCETON – We live in a complicated world, so we are forced to simplify it.
The best that social science has to offer is in fact not much different.
Stylized historical analogies often play a similar role.
So how should we choose among alternative simplifications of reality?
Foxes carry competing, possibly incompatible theories in their heads.
The trials were stage-managed by Gülenist police, prosecutors, and media.
The new line is that these trials were marred by irregularities, that there had been a plot against the military, and that the Gülenists have established a state within the state.
At the time, I wrote that if he did not change course, “the country will descend deeper into authoritarianism, political divisions will become irreconcilable, and yet another political rupture may become inevitable.”
His supporters have been launching smear campaigns against Gülenists that are reminiscent of Gülenist tactics.
When viewed in isolation, the preferences of the “average” voter – that is, a voter in the middle of the income distribution – seem to have a strongly positive influence on the government’s ultimate response.
Gilens and Page report similar results for organized interest groups, which wield a powerful influence on policy formation.
When politics is waged on these grounds, elections are won by those who are most successful at “priming” our latent cultural and psychological markers, not those who best represent our interests.
Widening inequality in the world’s advanced and developing countries thus inflicts two blows against democratic politics.
Little of this process is taking place in Africa. As researchers at the African Center for Economic Transformation in Accra, Ghana, put it, the continent is “growing rapidly, transforming slowly.”
Consider Rwanda, a much-heralded success story where GDP has increased by a whopping 9.6% per year, on average, since 1995 (with per capita incomes rising at an annual rate of 5.2%).
Half of Sub-Saharan Africa’s population is under 25 years of age. According to the World Bank, each year an additional five million turn 15, “crossing the threshold from childhood to adulthood.”
The economists were virtually unanimous.
No doubt, there are many public-policy questions that economists debate vigorously. What should the top income-tax rate be?
Moreover, it requires that economists make value judgments on distributional effects, which are better left to the electorate itself.
A recent example is the failure of economists to grasp the dangerous confluence of circumstances that produced the global financial crisis.
Because China is now the world’s largest exporter after the European Union, and accounts for about half of global growth, decisions taken in Beijing could have a more important impact on the world economy than those taken in Berlin, Brussels, or Washington, DC.
Network industries like telecoms, gas, electricity, and water tend to become monopolistic or oligopolistic if left to market forces alone.
Instead of large-scale privatization, it might be better to limit state aid and give competitors legal recourse to seek redress if state aid distorts competition.
What Makes Greece Special?
This lackluster performance, which followed years of decline in market shares, is difficult to explain, given that all other countries on the eurozone periphery recorded solid export growth.
On the contrary, many indicators of efficiency of the way the government and the labor market work have actually deteriorated.
Greece now has a balanced current account – quite an achievement after double-digit deficits (as a percentage of GDP) a few years ago.
Missing this target is what has set Greece apart.
Even taking into account the increasing demographic differential, which now amounts to about half a percentage point per year, the US economy has grown by about 4.5 percentage points more over these three years on a per capita basis.
But the crucial question – and one that is rarely asked – is how US households were able to reduce their debt burden during a period of high unemployment and almost no wage gains while sustaining consumption growth.
In the US, by contrast, the corresponding period lasts less than one year in most cases.
Restarting Ukraine’s Economy
The first steps are already being taken, with the authorities recently announcing that household gas prices will rise by 50% next month.
In the case of eastern Ukraine, winning the support of those who are still nostalgic for the “good old days” must go beyond creating productive jobs that fill their wallets.
Here the EU can also play a prominent role by recognizing Russia’s special interest in proper pipeline maintenance and a proper accounting for the gas they carry.
And the new European Commission looks rather strong, given that more than 20 of its 28 members previously served as prime ministers, deputy prime ministers, or ministers.
The experience of the previous incumbent, former Belgian Prime Minister Herman van Rompuy, in dealing with his own country’s fractious coalitions proved very useful when he had to persuade national leaders to make decisions during the euro crisis.
But there is at least one encouraging, if hidden, signal from Mogherini’s appointment: The fact that the European Central Bank President Mario Draghi is also an Italian was not an impediment.
BRUSSELS – The European Union has finally agreed on its “third-level sanctions” against Russia for its actions in Ukraine.
In fact, a large proportion of Russian imports from the EU are precisely of these generic consumer goods, which are not affected by sanctions.
Why?
The freedom and rule of law provided by financial centers such as London will become even more attractive.
In the run-up to the election, the major European party “families” (there are no pan-European parties, only loose alliances of national parties) each nominated a Spitzenkandidat as their choice for President of the European Commission.
The other extreme is Italy, where the S&D won 41% of the votes, versus 22% for the EPP. In absolute terms, the difference was more than five million votes, but the S&D won only 14 more MEPs than the EPP.
Europe Is Still Standing
In Europe’s crisis-affected countries, young people, who have been hardest hit, voted en masse for leftist “anti-austerity” parties, most notably in Greece.
But these facts do not count when wages are stagnating (as in the UK) or unemployment continues to rise (as in France).
The EU does not have a significant budget, and it sets at most a general framework for economic and social rules that vary widely across a large and diverse continent.
Ortega’s display of raw power is thus merely a reminder of his autocratic ways.
In the context of the new Latin American left, Ortega resembles a shoddy imitation of Fidel Castro without the oil wealth of Hugo Chávez.
Alemán, too, faces a rebellion in his Liberal Constitutional Party (PLC), led by former Treasury Minister Eduardo Montealegre, a presidential hopeful popular in the party’s liberal wing. If Alemán blocks Montealegre’s candidacy in the PLC and pushes him to form another political party, Ortega’s chances for winning the presidency increase sharply.
If voters continue to lean toward Lewites and Montealegre, the two candidates could elect more deputies to the National Assembly than the Sandinistas and the PLC combined.
Compared to previous global downturns triggered by a financial crisis, the global economy bounced back robustly.
This ignorance matters when political commentators try to write about the global economy.
Another common reason for the collective misperception is misplaced nostalgia.
It is a general rule of political science that a faltering economy causes greater distrust in institutions.
If pundits continue to insist that the system failed, wonks will devote time and effort to figuring out how to fix what is not broken.
But Japan’s problems are not unique.
A concomitant feature of South Korea’s labor market is that women’s labor-force participation rate – a paltry 33% for women aged 30-39 – is among the lowest in the OECD.
Moreover, despite South Korea’s dependence on exports, domestic consumption is robust.
While increased immigration could help to ease labor-force pressures, it would be met with public resistance.
With almost perfect synchronization, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas announced the end of the war on Gaza in a televised broadcast from his Ramallah headquarters, while Hamas leaders called on Palestinians in Gaza to take to the streets to celebrate their supposed victory.
Having withstood the test of war, the Palestinian unity government that was created less than two months before the conflict began will now become the main vehicle for Gaza’s reconstruction.
Just as the international community isolated South Africa until it abandoned apartheid, it can put pressure on Israel through boycotts, divestment, and sanctions, while calling upon Israel’s allies to stop providing aid and arms.
But the unprecedented period of coordinated loose monetary policy since the beginning of the financial crisis in 2008 could be just as problematic.
Once returns on commercial paper had been driven to all-time lows, investors continued to push into equities.
But at some point, a real market correction will arrive.
The new Lords of Finance have arguably been successful in many of their objectives since the financial crisis erupted seven years ago.
Villages have been emptied, women raped, non-Arab men killed.
Such thinking is inadequate and outmoded.
And weak governments should not be allowed to permit massacres to take place on their own territory even if they are not themselves carrying out the massacre.
What needs doing? There is a need for massive assistance to the displaced people of Darfur.
Darkness or Dawn in Belarus?
Whatever its past successes in maintaining basic living standards, today it is evident that Belarus cannot match its neighbors’ dynamism.
Yet now, Lukashenko wishes to harness entrepreneurship and foreign direct investment in a bid to modernize the economy.
Belarusians currently pay €60 for an EU tourist visa, which is a major obstacle in view of low wages. Poland has announced that it will grant Belarusians visas at no cost, while denying visas to a long list of regime officials that it says were involved in the recent electoral fraud.
In fact, his work revolutionized the field.
Peacocks have evolved to have long, colorful feathers simply because peahens have evolved to find them attractive.
Sigmund Freud never met Darwin, but most of his mentors were enthusiastic Darwinists. Just as Isaac Newton revolutionized astronomy and physics by “standing on the shoulders” of his predecessors, Freud built on Darwin’s evolutionary insights in order to understand psychological symptoms, dreams, myths, art, anthropology, and much more.
My plans changed, however, when my father got ill.
More than two million people were dying from tuberculosis, because they lacked access to low-cost, first-line treatment.
The Global Fund also plays a critical role in strengthening health care in developing countries.
I hope that others with the means to support its work will invest so wisely.
Without Britain, they would be bossed around by France, and even more so by Germany. And yet, as memories of World War II fade, more and more people in the Netherlands and Scandinavia feel content to be under Germany’s powerful wings.
The French who said they wanted Britain to leave the EU were largely on the left, while many who held the opposite view were further to the right.
Hence the typical EU language about “unstoppable trains” and “irreversible decisions”: citizens are not supposed to question the wisdom of great planners.
Those who favor European unification should take criticisms of its political flaws very seriously.
The British cuts reveal a push in developed countries – one that also started in the US – to target the kinds of education that lead to an open, vigorous civil society and a population that is hard to suppress.
That Britain will look more like the US of today.

Perhaps voters have just as much of a problem with foreigners as they do with freeloaders.
He is now making it seem as if immigration will be the key test of that effort.
It sounds a bit technical, and it is.
The discussion has thus turned to the possibility of providing the UK with a special status or allowing it to opt out of more EU provisions.
By contrast, her German counterpart, Chancellor Helmut Kohl, often regarded as one of that generation’s preeminent European champions, offered only lukewarm support for the Single European Act. He preferred to help steer Europe toward monetary and political union, just when its economy had begun to fall behind the rest of the world.
European integration in the shadow of WWII was a wise and magnificent achievement.
For example, a case study of the United Kingdom for 1997-2007 – a period of full inflation targets and policy independence for the Bank of England (BoE) – indicates considerable improvement from a poor starting point.
But central banks have pursued multiple objectives simultaneously, without bringing about bad outcomes or destroying their own credibility.
A Long-Term Plan for Syria’s Refugees
In Turkey, an estimated 200,000 refugees are in official camps, but at least twice that number are struggling alone in towns and cities.
Instead, a more informal system, supported by networks of local and refugee teachers – a model that was successfully pioneered in Congo and Afghanistan – can provide accredited learning.



Saving General Petraeus
They also see a country that truly does reflect the world, attracting immigrants from every nation and giving them an equal chance to succeed as Americans.
In our cynical age, many might scoff at such an old-fashioned motto (or, indeed, at the power of any motto or slogan).
The hubbub of tawdry disclosures and investigations addressing every aspect of a widening scandal may well last for weeks.


A New Progressive Political Economy
These include the institutions underpinning its financial and labor markets, its corporate-governance arrangements, its education and training system, and its national system of innovation (the network of public and private institutions that initiate and diffuse new technologies).
This is because it is difficult to devise practical and effective policies to achieve equality in a market economy.
A Wrong Turn for Human Rights
New UN-backed international and hybrid tribunals were created to bring to account perpetrators of atrocities in the Balkans, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, and Cambodia.
For example, justice and human rights are at the heart of the historic peace talks in Colombia.
NEW YORK – For 15 years, I have attended the World Economic Forum in Davos.
Central bankers’ belief that controlling inflation was necessary and almost sufficient for growth and prosperity had never been based on sound economic theory; now, the crisis provided further skepticism.
Worse still, much of the money flowing into the banks to recapitalize them so that they could resume lending has been flowing out in the form of bonus payments and dividends.
Moreover, developing countries lack the resources to engage in the massive stimulus policies of the advanced countries.  Making matters worse, the IMF still forces most countries that turn to it for help to raise interest rates and lower spending, worsening the downturns.
LONDON – By coincidence, this is a busy year for round-number anniversaries for France’s greatest leader since Napoleon.
But, by 1960, euphoria had given way to rancor among those whom he had used to regain office but who now saw him as a traitor to be neutralized along with the regime he had brought into being.
An official who saw him in the corridor of the palace recalled him muttering: “What a business!
Insisting that self-determination was the only way ahead, he called on the army to reject even passive association with the insurrection and instructed it to re-establish public order.
An opinion poll gave the General 75% backing.
Kurdish forces recently succeeded, after months of heavy fighting, in expelling the Islamic State from the border town of Kobane.
De Mistura's plan aims to stabilize the situation by shifting the policy focus away from a relentless military campaign – an approach that is benefiting only the Islamic State.
Support by the United States for de Mistura's initiative symbolizes a quiet – and constructive – shift by President Barack Obama's administration from its demand that Assad step down immediately.
The stability of the region and the lives (and what is left of the livelihoods) of the Syrian people depend on it.
In May of this year, Lorenzo Bini-Smaghi will replace another Italian, the retiring Tommaso Padoa-Schioppa.
After all, member governments would still pick the candidates, and there can be no escaping politics in what is essentially a political process.
Many of the new members will be small countries who will introduce the euro someday and will want to have a seat on the Executive Board.
Increasingly, political leaders like British Prime Minister David Cameron, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, and Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, who spoke eloquently for the Round at the World Economic Forum in Davos this year, are emphasizing that the Doha Round’s failure would cost the world significant gains in prosperity, halt progress for the poor in developing countries, and reduce workers’ real incomes in developed countries.
Even during his campaign for the Democratic Party nomination, when his main rival, Hillary Clinton, was pushing to suspend trade negotiations and had embraced the protectionist narrative, Obama kept his cool and promised instead to reopen NAFTA – a tactic designed to amount to nothing, as it has.
Regrettably, neither they nor the President have asked that Doha also be put into the bag.
So the truth is out and freely available.
Even America’s vaunted judicial system has failed to constrain obvious abuses.
The Bush administration has created a transnational apparatus of lawlessness that he alone, without global intervention, can neither roll back nor control.
Many studies have shown that tying investment to democracy and human rights reform is effective in the developing world.
Maybe then I can fall in love with my country again.
Perhaps 150 million young adults will be killed by tobacco in these two countries alone, unless there is widespread cessation.
In many countries, tobacco taxes have fallen in real terms.
Smuggling is abetted by the tobacco industry in order to gain market share and scare finance ministers into lowering taxes.
The Gates Foundation can fund action and research.
But, in a world where China links its currency to the dollar at an under-valued parity, the dollar’s depreciation risks major global economic damage that will further complicate recovery from the current worldwide recession.
But China retains its under-valued exchange rate policy, so that the renminbi has appreciated relatively less against the dollar.
With China retaining its under-valued currency policy, dollar depreciation can aggravate global deflationary forces.
Death in Lhasa
Tied to that sense of due process of law is a call for the Chinese leadership to allow representatives of the international community to have access to Tibet and its adjoining provinces.
The Supreme Court even held an emergency hearing at 2:30 in the morning, just hours before the execution was set to occur, before deciding to allow it to proceed.
The Supreme Court has declared that the death penalty should be applied only in the “rarest of the rare” cases.
Of those, 280 were commuted to life imprisonment, with many of the other cases likely to remain in limbo for decades.
Moreover, it has been suggested that the alternative to the death penalty – life imprisonment – would make India vulnerable to hijackings and other assaults by terrorist groups attempting to free their jailed comrades.
For now, India remains blind to the case for abolishing the death penalty.
Does it refer to the geopolitics of international relations, or to protecting society against terrorist attacks? It is both, of course, but the sort of policies that will achieve these two very different objectives is far from clear.
Of the two million men and women in EU countries’ armed forces, only 2% are combat ready.

A further $3 billion in credits for European post-war reconstruction cemented America’s status as the world’s premier creditor nation, with its surplus equal to roughly 8% of GNP at the time.
Yet, even without the gold standard, America’s economic might, together with the recycling of petrodollars, kept the dollar on top.
And it is in America’s public debt that the debris of its financial system’s broken promises are collected, just as Italy’s massive public debt reflects its past national prodigality.
Debt and Delusion
That would clearly be nonsense.
At any time in history, the debt-to-annual-GDP ratio (including informal debts) would vastly exceed 100%.
But the ratio is not the cause of the feedback.
They are asking governments to cut expenditure while their economies are still vulnerable.
After all, Hungary still holds the world record for hyperinflation, with the currency debased by 1027 in the 1940’s, paving the way for the imposition of Communist dictatorship.
A constitutional approach limited the scope for wasteful spending on luxurious court life (and on military adventure), which had been the hallmark of early modern autocratic monarchy.
He explicitly went back to the legacy of Napoleon, and argued that France could be stable only with a strong currency.
Similarly, in guaranteeing the debt of Irish banks in September 2008, the Irish government did something that no responsible government should have contemplated.
Servicing these debts will most likely become increasingly difficult over the coming years, especially if growth continues to stagnate, interest rates begin to rise, export opportunities remain subdued, and the collapse in commodity prices persists.
When a government is unable to pay, the only solution is direct negotiations.
The core principles – those under discussion include sovereignty, legitimacy, impartiality, transparency, good faith, and sustainability principles – currently would apply to all debt instruments and could provide greater coordination than market-based approaches.
Both revelations underscore China’s preference for strategic subterfuge.
At the end of a recent visit to Beijing with Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani, Mukhtar reported that the Chinese government was more than happy to oblige whatever requests for assistance the Pakistani side made, including reaching an agreement to take over operation of the Gwadar port after the existing contract with a Singaporean government company expires. China also made a gift to Pakistan of 50 JF-17 fighter jets.
But the insurgency is no barrier to China’s use of Gwadar to project power in the Middle East and East Africa, and against peninsula India.
On the other hand, refusing to accept the growing consensus that fiscal union is the key to resolving the debt crisis exposes the eurozone, and Germany, to serious risks.
The eurozone’s dilemmas, and the pros and cons of proposed solutions, can be debated endlessly.
Of course, in the midst of so much uncertainty, it is remarkable that the over-indebted countries’ consolidation efforts remain broadly on track; but the European Central Bank’s continued bond-buying and liquidity support is only a temporary palliative.
MILAN – In the dog days of summer, Milan is quieter than many European cities.
And yet much of the current uncertainty is set to dissipate.
Part-time employment is spreading and may become the labor market’s new normal.
In Italy, the debate centers on taxes in general, and the rather miniscule property tax in particular.
Fortunately, this uncomfortable uncertainty will not last much longer – in Europe or elsewhere.
I was in Perm, a city in the Urals, to take part in a seminar of the Moscow School of Political Studies.
The prisoners slept on wooden planks or iron bunks.
Their expressions were as frozen as the ground outside.
This represents a major shift from Russia’s early post-Soviet days.
Expanding NATO into the Baltic States in 2002 – the Alliance’s first enlargement into former Soviet territory – was a catastrophic mistake, which made it almost impossible for a Russian to be both patriotic and pro-Western.
NEW YORK – I am a macroeconomist, but I dissent from the profession’s two leading camps in the United States: the neo-Keynesians, who focus on boosting aggregate demand, and the supply-siders, who focus on cutting taxes.
Indeed, according to this view, spending is spending.
In the European Union, the decline was from 24% of GDP in 1990 to 18.1% in 2013.
Neo-Keynesians see investments, public and private, as merely another kind of aggregate demand.
Such a policy would put US private saving to important use in fighting global poverty, while strengthening the US industrial base.
CAMBRIDGE – With the approach of the US Congressional elections, questions about the health of America’s political institutions and the future of its global leadership have become rampant, with some citing partisan gridlock as evidence of America’s decline.
This inefficiency has likely contributed to the decline in confidence in American institutions.
Americans may not be entirely satisfied with their leaders, but the country is certainly not on the brink of an Arab Spring-style revolution.
In fact, gridlock in the national capital is often accompanied by political cooperation and innovation at the state and municipal levels, leading citizens to view state and local governments, as well as many government agencies, much more favorably than the federal government.
DAKAR – France is wrestling with a burden of debts and public deficits that led Standard &amp; Poor’s recently to downgrade its credit rating.
The CFA franc was sharply devalued in 1994, and outstanding debts& were& reduced.
Since 2000, sub-Saharan African countries’ annual GDP growth has averaged 5-7%, compared to 2.5-3% for the franc zone.
France may not like it, but the best interests& of the franc zone’s citizens should come first.
Resignations have increased: ambassadors, ministers, significant media figures, and army generals.
Perhaps more remarkably, in a country containing more than 12 million guns, the protesters have not fired a shot.
The reality is that the US has known for weeks that it cannot save Saleh’s regime.
Defaulting to Big Government
If the US government defaults, however, all of them will “break the buck,” meaning that they will be unable to maintain the principal value of the money that has been placed with them.
With the debt ceiling unchanged, this would require some legal sleight of hand. But the alternative would clearly be a collapse of US national security – soldiers and border guards have to be paid, the transportation system must operate, and so on.
Now they claim to have manufactured nuclear weapons for self-defense.
Like Japan, the Bush administration’s relatively moderate stance toward North Korea has changed since the talks broke down last year.
If North Korea is, indeed, continuing to develop not only its nuclear arsenal, but also various types of ballistic missiles, in defiance of international commitments, it is truly a rogue state.
But some important developments that foreigners decry as the result of government intervention are in fact the opposite.
Unification of onshore and offshore markets is more important than a floating exchange rate in determining whether the International Monetary Fund will include the renminbi in the basket of currencies used to determine the value of its reserve asset, the Special Drawing Right.
It seems clear that the extraordinary run-up in equity prices was fueled by a surge in margin financing of stock purchases, which was legalized in 2010-2011 and encouraged by the PBOC’s monetary easing since last November.
Nor is the fact that the PBOC’s interventions in the foreign-exchange market over the last year have aimed to dampen the renminbi’s depreciation, not add to it.
In other words, Japan will clearly assert its will to defend the nation, and to prevent invasion in combination with the Japan-US security system.
Japan’s ground forces are to reorient their current structure, which is geared to combat capability in response to large-scale invasion, toward increased adaptability for military action in less severe circumstances.
But they must do so in a way that provides genuine direction, and that Japan’s people, military, and neighbors find convincing.
This weakness is what forced German Chancellor Angela Merkel to bully her European Union partners into a more coherent response to the ongoing influx of asylum-seekers.
These formal policy discussions between the IMF and member governments, typically carried out annually, are written up, reviewed by the Fund’s Board of Executive Directors (representing all 188 governments), and published for anyone to read online.
Its resources dwarf the sums that the international community can mobilize for other issues, because its money is lent and is supposed to be paid back.
With the collapse in the price of oil since then, the economy has gone into a tailspin: GDP is contracting at a record pace, inflation is in excess of 200%, the currency has plunged to less than 10% of its previous value, and massive shortages have emerged.
PARIS – Despite the frequency with which the phrase “international community” is invoked, its precise meaning – like its origins – is difficult to discern.
So countries began to deepen and develop international law by building shared institutions.
On the contrary, all international negotiations – on global warming, financial regulation, and nuclear disarmament (despite the efforts of US President Barack Obama and former Russian President Dmitri Medvedev to conclude a bilateral nuclear-disarmament agreement) – launched since the end of the twentieth century have failed.
Moreover, in accordance with its regulations and practices, the UN has called for a presidential election, which has now been set for July 28.
PRINCETON – The history of finance is partly the history of a struggle for a stable, secure way to measure value.
Consequently, many economists and politicians concluded that paper money could be more easily controlled and more stable.
Deflation that emanates from the financial sector is lethal.
The political response to deflation is to call for a stronger state.
Indeed, as governments scramble to respond to the current crisis, we should remember that deflation tends to produce not only radical anti-capitalism, but also a profound hostility to any kind of economic or political organization.
If that happens, a homeowner with a mortgage would see the real value of his debt rise by 10%.
The resulting unusual economic environment of falling prices and wages can also have a damaging psychological impact on households and businesses. With deflation, we are heading into unknown territory.
Ironically, although central banks are now focused on the problem of deflation, the more serious risk for the longer term is that inflation will rise rapidly as their economies recover and banks use the large volumes of recently accumulated reserves to create loans that expand spending and demand.
All these provocations add upward pressure on oil prices, enriching the Iranian government.
Oil prices have fallen from above $78 per barrel in mid-July to less than $60 in early October.
Washington can also press the Saudis, who control virtually all of the world’s spare capacity, to keep their output high to contain prices.
Easing tensions will not win Bush points with those who prefer a muscular strategy.
The pipeline has been established as a Russian-German-Dutch consortium, but it is the Russian energy giant Gazprom that is in the driver’s seat with 51% of the shares.
They seem to regard the case as a “technical issue,” and are now satisfied because environmental guarantees have been given.
Last year’s experience with interrupted gas supplies did have one benefit: new life was blown into plans for alternative routes, like the Nabucco pipeline that is to bring Azeri gas to Europe through Turkey.
TOKYO – China’s refusal to attend this year’s summit with Japan and South Korea as scheduled comes at a trying moment for all three countries.
While the threat may not affect them equally, none can afford a misstep.
Unfortunately, key groups in all three countries claim that the contest for regional mastery now underway means that talk about cooperation is not only naïve, but obsolete.
Instead, China should openly confront those neighbors with which it has disputed claims.
Crisis management is no way to sustain relationships that are economically close but riddled by rival claims and bitterly contested historical narratives.
No one should be under any illusions.
But the road to global nuclear disarmament will be long and bumpy.
As supplementary steps, the report suggests negotiating limitations on missiles, strategic missile defense, space-based weapons, and biological weapons, as well as holding talks on eliminating conventional weapons imbalances."
But the sole purpose of retaining some degree of deterrence will be to deter the use of nuclear weapons.
Some traditional leaders, academics, representatives of civil-society groups, and students, on the other hand, were more worried about whether the country’s new oil wealth would benefit ordinary people.
But it must be ready to make some tough choices – and study the region’s existing success stories.
Speaking of the lost decade of the 1980’s in Africa, Mazrui observed that, despite being endowed with superb climatic conditions, few African countries could feed themselves; likewise, despite being engaged in trade in minerals and cash crops, most countries still wallowed in a state of aid-dependency.
The origin of this malaise lies in the creation of excessive debt to fund real-estate investment and construction.
Collapsing external demand in late 2008 therefore threatened Chinese growth and employment.
Faced with mediocre growth and near-zero inflation, the eurozone may also now consider yet more QE.
Buoyant domestic demand might offset the deflationary impact on the US economy, but only if interest rates stay low enough to stimulate a resurgence of private credit growth, potentially taking us full circle, to the kind of run-up in leverage that preceded the 2008 crisis.
The Federal Reserve is of a similar mind, not only maintaining rock-bottom short-term interest rates, but also embarking on an adventurous policy targeting long-term rates.
From the trough of the recession, the economy recovered the lost jobs in eight months on average.
Regardless of what the right explanation is, the history of recent recessions suggests that we should not be surprised that the job recovery is taking time.
In other words, were it not for construction, the US unemployment rate would be 6.5% – a far healthier situation than today.
It is a discussion in which the supporting evidence seems to have oscillated from one side to the other in recent decades. In the 1980s, economic performance in Chile, under General Augusto Pinochet’s dictatorship, and in Singapore, under the more benign but nonetheless authoritarian Lee Kuan Yew, was impressive.
The seemingly endless euro crisis has led some European leaders to give credence to that viewpoint. At the start of the crisis, Jean-Claude Juncker, now President of the European Commission, is reputed to have said, “We all know what to do, we just don’t know how to get re-elected after we’ve done it.”
Whether at the European level or in individual member states, the authority for ensuring long-term economic growth should be precisely and clearly delegated to agencies that derive their legitimacy from the democratic process, while being protected from its baser whims.
In parts of New Jersey, many people fortunate enough still to have a house are cut off by rivers of raw sewage lapping at their doors.
There is something to be said for this attitude.
And, two years after the earthquake in L’Aquila in 2009, which killed hundreds of people, nothing much had been done to reconstruct the city, despite an initial flurry of publicity stunts showing Berlusconi, posing in a fireman’s hat, personally taking charge.
And, sometimes, radical changes are made, even in democracies, though a severe crisis often is required to mobilize voters behind a collective push for essential reform, as was true of the Great Depression in the 1930’s, which led to Franklin Roosevelt’s New Deal.
The totality is based on a series of complex relationships that connect legal and illegal worlds, including politicians, judges, and prosecutors who are willing to alter sentences for money; policemen and military personnel involved in illegal activities; and businessmen who launder money.
Given the near-absence of legal forms of mediation, violence is the language used by criminal networks to resolve disputes.
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony.
Modern technology makes it easy to have a paper trail for voting machines, at little cost; yet several states chose not to provide this minimal safeguard.
The decision to go to war in Iraq is the most dramatic example of this, but there have been many others in America under Bush.
Yet under Bush, the US has undermined basic civil rights, such as habeas corpus, which guarantees individuals recourse to judicial review when the state detains them.
The US administration is determined to consolidate political freedoms in many developing countries under its sphere of influence; indeed, expansion of democracy has become a cornerstone of American foreign policy.
Whatever the reason for the observed positive cross-country correlation between income and democracy, it should not be confused with causality.
This applies to the episodes of democratization in Latin America and the Philippines in the mid-1980’s, but also to Turkey in the early 1980’s and Nepal in 1990.
Economic liberalism came first, political liberalism later.
There is no doubt that Egyptian society is deeply divided along sectarian, ideological, class, and regional lines. Yet the country has gone to the polls several times since the February 2011 overthrow of Mubarak’s 30-year rule.
After the Islamist parties’ huge victory in the 2011-2012 parliamentary elections, the military leadership and the Supreme Court (filled with Mubarak-era judges) worked to derail the new parliament and prevent it from establishing an assembly to draft a new constitution.
Historically, outside parties have thus played a decisive role.
They represent a large part of Egypt’s population, perhaps half or more, and are certainly the country’s best-organized political force.
It has been, and is, playing a vital role in post-conflict reconstruction around the world.
The American president would choose the Bank’s head, and Europe would collectively decide on the IMF leader, with the understanding that the other side would exercise its veto only if a candidate were totally unacceptable.
Of course, some past appointees turned out to be far better than anticipated; they rose to the occasion, despite qualifications that, in any open and objective selection process, would never even have left them on the short list.
Democracy in Tea Party America
To the “sick” France of 1835, Tocqueville counterposed healthy America, where attachment to the idea that people should pursue their self-interest was no less strong, but was different.
The connection between the general interest and the private interest of individual Americans has, if anything, become much stronger, even if their private interest is tied to a post office box in the Cayman Islands.
Otherwise, Tocqueville would surely say of Americans today what he said of the French then.
Mubarak, after all, is already in his 24th year as president.
The government’s heavy-handed behavior reinvigorated the homegrown “Kifaya” (Enough) movement, which has demanded an end to the Mubarak regime.
As a measure of sincerity, he needs to order the immediate release of Ayman Nour and take steps to terminate the 24-year-long state of emergency, which effectively prevents political campaigning from taking place.
For example: on January 1, 2010, I think to myself that the game will soon be up for the Greeks.
My profit for correctly taking this bearish view is therefore €1.65m – the €9.1m I got by selling the bonds when I borrowed them on January 1, minus the €7.2m that I had to pay to repurchase them on June 30, minus the €250,000 in interest that I had to pay Goldman Sachs for the six-month loan.
But they do no such thing.
Popular anger at budget cuts imposed at the behest of speculators and bankers has toppled leaders in Ireland and Portugal, and is forcing the Spanish prime minister into retirement.
Opposition parties should refrain from shorting their government politically at a time when markets are doing so financially.
While elections are important, liberal democracy is more than “electocracy.”
The desire for greater participation is widespread as economies develop and people adjust to modernization.
For example, many people both inside and outside the United States had become cynical about the American political system, arguing that it was dominated by money and closed to outsiders.
When some of the Bush administration’s more reasonable members are asked today how they could have taken the positions they did in 2002, they cite the anthrax attacks that followed 9/11, the intelligence reports of an impending attack with nuclear materials, and the widespread fear of a second attack against the American people.
The idea seems counterintuitive: How can less produce more?
Had Cortés’s strategy failed, he would have gone down in history – if he was remembered at all – as an arrogant fool who thought that he could defeat a great empire.
The diffusion of these mechanisms raises the issue of democracy.
When a government starts to borrow abroad or chooses to enter a currency union, these benefits take the form of reduced interest rates.
The result is that the euro, sold as a way to integrate Europe further, is tearing it apart.
In the eyes of many critics at home and abroad, the Bush administration’s excesses tarnished the idea of democracy promotion.
When we live up to our own best traditions, we can stimulate emulation and generate the soft power of attraction. This approach is what Ronald Reagan called the “shining city on the hill.”
Terrorism is a form of theater. It works not by sheer destruction, but rather by dramatizing atrocious acts against civilians.
Hazare fasted to force the government to create a tough new anti-corruption authority, the Lokpal, with sweeping powers to investigate, prosecute, and punish.
This is an essential part of promoting governmental accountability between elections.
Their claim to represent the people, whose votes they have sought and won, cannot be lightly disregarded in favor of those who have not earned the right to represent the people through a democratic election.
Democracy versus the Eurozone
But, in the end, the “people” remain the real sovereign, and they can choose to ignore their governments’ promises and reject any adjustment program from “Brussels.”
But who guarantees that these rules will actually be followed? François Hollande’s victory over Sarkozy in France’s presidential election shows that an apparent consensus on the need for austerity can crumble quickly.
Financial markets have reacted as strongly as they have because investors recognize that the “sovereign” in sovereign debt is an electorate that can simply decide not to pay.
Admiration for American values does not mean, of course, that others want to imitate all the ways Americans implement them. While many Europeans admire America's devotion to freedom, they prefer policies at home that temper the liberal economic principles of individualism with a robust welfare state.
America is not perfect, but as long as it abides by its core values, it can overcome its mistakes and regain its soft power in democratic countries.
As Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld has put it, "The issues should determine the coalition, rather than the coalition determining the issues."
Democracy cannot be imposed in any reasonable time by force alone.
Were it not for such imitative consumption, non-rich households would have saved, on average, more than $800 annually in recent years.
The obvious lesson to be drawn from these episodes is the importance of unintended consequences.
Indeed, once the unintended consequences of their actions – more financial duress for the non-rich after the crisis – became clear, Bertrand and Morse show that the legislators in unequal districts moved against the financial sector to protect their constituents, voting to set limits on interest rates charged by “payday” lenders (who lend to over-indebted lower-income borrowers at very high interest rates).
The summit’s purpose is to take stock of successes and failures, and to move towards “concrete strategies for action.”
Addressing these issues is vital for development objectives to have any chance to succeed.
Accountability mechanisms should be established, allowing victims to hold governments responsible for their failure to take action.
Europe and other developed economies are aging as well, owing to low fertility rates and increasing longevity.
From 1950 to 2050, Uganda’s population will have increased 20-fold, and Niger’s 30-fold.
Population stabilization reduces pressure on environmental assets such as unspoiled countryside, which people value more as their incomes increase.
The actual figure could be many times that.
Sadly, this is not true in many other places.
What is already clear, however, is that, like previous transformations, this one will involve a fundamental change in all of our economic relations and the social relations that support them.
Where this social glue is lacking – such as between Israelis and Palestinians – people cannot exploit all of the available economic opportunities.
People’s social allegiances are divided further by religion, race, occupation, gender, and even income bracket.
Instead of choosing identities that divide us, making it impossible to tackle multiplying global problems, we can shape identities that extend our sense of compassion and moral responsibility.
The Basic Law supposedly established a political framework to accord with the late Deng Xiaoping’s policy of “one country, two systems,” with Hong Kong’s people ruling Hong Kong with a high degree of autonomy.
Of course, Deng’s policy can work only if Beijing wants it to work.
The popular belief is that Tung was sacked or pressured to step down.
In 1984, British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, said of the impending handover of Hong Kong, “The eyes of the world are on us.”
·        Short-run economic policy should be left in the hands of the central bank, with the legislature and the executive focusing on the long run and keeping their noses out of year-to-year fluctuations in employment and prices;
Moreover, the highest priority for central banks can no longer be to maintain their credibility as guardians of price stability, but rather their credibility as guardians of the financial system’s stability and soundness.
The consensus view is rather that of William McChesney Martin, who served as US Federal Reserve Chairman from 1951 to 1970: a good central bank prevents speculative excess by “taking away the punchbowl before the party really gets going.”
Apart from finding a first job, college graduates seem to adapt more easily than those with only a high school degree as the economy evolves and labor-market needs change. They also tend to vote at higher rates, engage in more civic activities, commit fewer crimes, educate their children better, and get sick less frequently by adopting healthier lifestyles.
But it is also true that 82.5% of these freshmen sought “to learn more about things that interest me” as an important reason for attending college, and 73% wanted “to gain a general education and appreciation of ideas.”
In a nutshell, it has been much easier for the West to do business in the post-colonial Middle East with un-democratic regimes, which have found Western support and recognition useful in marginalizing local liberal and democratic forces, even as it paved the way for the rise of Islamist radicalization.
Decades of unholy alliance between Arab autocrats and the West have seen radical Islam emerge as a “salvation” force.
Obama’s praise of Egypt’s Hosni Mubarak as a man with whom one could do business demoralized Egyptian opposition groups, which have been struggling against the long-serving autocrat and his efforts to ensure that his son, Gamal Mubarak, succeeds him.
Add together all the trade-offs between the West and the Arab regimes, along with the Israeli and Islamist factor, and the conclusion at which one arrives is as inescapable as it is alarming: the West cannot afford democracy in the region.
Other American politicians took the same stance.
The target was General Ali Hassan al-Majid, known as “Chemical Ali” because of his use of chemical weapons against Iraqis.
Bush, however, cannot rely on that argument, for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save, in the long run, those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure.
We can be quite sure that American forces would not have acted in the same way if the civilians nearby had been other Americans.
And free mid-day meals at school are a powerful incentive to children from poor families to attend school and stay there.
But, while the country now has 621 universities and 33,500 colleges, only a few are world-class institutions, including the Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT) whose graduates have flourished in America’s Silicon Valley.
I have spoken to many CEOs who tell me that many, if not most, of their new employees require remedial training before they can begin work, in order to compensate for the shortcomings of their university education.
The rest of the E-9, engaged in similar endeavors, will be watching.
This is one of several important messages to emerge from a United Nations Experts Commission on the global economic crisis, which I chair – and which recently submitted its preliminary report to the UN.
But the reform process is slow, and the crisis will not wait.
While one can understand the domestic political imperatives that have led to subsidies and guarantees, developed countries need to recognize the global consequences, and provide compensatory assistance to developing countries.
ऑक्सफ़ोर्ड – लगभग 300 स्वास्थ्य कर्मियों को त्रिनिदाद और टोबैगो भेजने की युगांडा की योजना के बारे में सचमुच असमंजस की स्थिति बनी हुई है। इस योजना में कथित तौर पर युगांडा के 11 पंजीकृत मनोचिकित्सकों में से चार मनोचिकित्सक, 28 रेडियोलॉजिस्टों में से 20 रेडियोलॉजिस्ट, और 92 बाल-रोग विशेषज्ञों में से 15 बाल-रोग विशेषज्ञ शामिल हैं। इसके बदले में, कैरेबियन देश (जिसमें चिकित्सक-रोगी अनुपात युगांडा की तुलना में 12 गुना अधिक है) युगांडा को हाल ही में पता लगाए गए अपने तेल क्षेत्रों का दोहन करने में मदद करेगा।

इसे कारगर बनाने के लिए, प्राप्तकर्ता देश को स्वास्थ्य देखभाल पेशेवरों की भर्ती को पूरी तरह से सरकार के माध्यम से करने के लिए सहमत होना पड़ेगा। फिर वह देश अपने कर्मियों की विदेशी आय पर कर लगा सकेगा और प्राप्त होनेवाले राजस्व का उपयोग अपनी स्वास्थ्य देखभाल प्रणाली को विकसित करने के लिए कर सकेगा।

इबोला इसका एक उत्तम उदाहरण है। 1976 में पहली बार इबोला की पहचान होने के बाद से इस वर्ष से पहले तक, इबोला से 2,000 से कुछ कम लोगों की मृत्यु हुई थी, ये सभी मध्य अफ्रीका में हुई थीं। इस वायरस से 2014 में इससे तीन गुना अधिक लोगों की मृत्यु हुई है, अंतर्राष्ट्रीय स्तर पर इसके प्रसार के मामले काफी अधिक होने के कारण रात्रि समाचार प्रसारणों में और हाल ही में अमेरिका के राज्य और स्थानीय चुनावों में अश्वेत मतदाताओं में इन्हें प्रमुखता मिली।


And the broader impetus behind this Economists’ Declaration, convened by The Rockefeller Foundation and now with more than 300 signatures, has placed global health and development at a historic crossroads.
When people are healthy and financially stable, their economies are stronger and more prosperous.
This can and should be done without forcing the poor to pay for health-care services at the point of delivery.
To achieve a world where everyone’s health needs are met and nobody is trapped in poverty, our leaders must heed this message and act on it.
But, after more than three decades of active research and development, no clinically viable product has obtained regulatory approval, owing to the significant scientific challenges.
Outside of red blood cells, “good” ferrous iron – the only oxygen-carrying form – is oxidized uncontrollably to form the “bad” ferric and “ugly” ferryl forms of hemoglobin.
Some recent therapeutic possibilities include the co-infusion of haptoglobin with hemoglobin in circulation or with vitamin C – additives that hold promising implications for the development of safe and effective blood substitutes.
Yet, despite talk of a rising Asia, only a handful of East Asian economies have moved from low- to high-income status during the past several decades.
The results of the Washington Consensus reforms were at best controversial, and some economists have even described the 1980’s and 1990’s as “lost decades” in many developing countries.
In my view, the shift from understanding the determinants of a country’s economic structure and facilitating its change is tantamount to throwing the baby out with the bath water.
Governments need to provide adequate incentives to encourage first-movers, and should play an active role in providing the required improvements or coordinating private firms’ investments in those areas.
The use of development aid as a political stick merely deepens the suffering of impoverished and unstable countries, without producing the political objectives sought by donors.
But cutting aid is likely to increase turmoil rather than leading to an acceptable long-term compromise between Israel and Palestine.
An aid cutoff to Ethiopia would nonetheless lead to a lot of death among impoverished people, who will lack medicines, improved seeds, and fertilizer.
Is it being stolen? Is it supporting real development needs, such as growing more food, fighting disease, or building transport, energy, and communications infrastructure?
Financial help from abroad is needed to cover roughly $40 per person per year.
For example, the US could give $25 billion in development aid each year and another $25 billion for global health, and still save $50 billion each year to reduce the US budget deficit.
Yet other billionaires have yet to make comparable donations.
The US should divert its wasteful military spending to new health financing.
दाता देशों द्वारा आधिकारिक सहायता के फलस्वरूप चरम गरीबी और बाल मृत्यु दर को आधा करने में मदद मिली है, और इसके कारण कई अन्य मोर्चों पर भी प्रगति के लिए प्रोत्साहन मिला है। लेकिन यह स्पष्ट होता जा रहा है कि विकास सहायता के सतत प्रवाह 2030 तक चरम गरीबी का उन्मूलन करने और संयुक्त राष्ट्र के नए सतत विकास लक्ष्यों को लागू करने के लिए पर्याप्त नहीं होंगे, जिन पर इस वर्ष बाद में सहमति होनी है।
विकास सहायता को सही दिशा में लगाए जाने पर उससे निजी निवेश को जुटाने की भी संभावना होती है बशर्ते इसे जोखिम को कम करने के लिए खर्च किया जाए। विकास सहायता के द्वारा समर्थित गारंटियों, सुलभ ऋणों, और ईक्विटी निवेशों से निवेशकों को आकर्षित करने में मदद मिल सकती है, जैसा कि माली में सौर ऊर्जा परियोजनाओं और इथियोपिया में विनिर्माण संयंत्रों के मामले में हुआ है। 2014 में, यूरोपीय संघ के तत्कालीन विकास आयुक्त एंड्रीस पीबैलग्स ने सूचित किया था कि €2.1 बिलियन ($2.2 बिलियन) के अनुदान की राशि से "2007 से अब तक 226 परियोजनाओं में €40.7 बिलियन का अनुमानित लाभ प्राप्त हुआ" है।
ओईसीडी की विकास सहायता समिति के 29 सदस्य देशों ने दुनिया के सबसे गरीब देशों में सहायता में कमी होने की प्रवृत्तियों को बदलने के लिए प्रतिबद्धता दर्शाई है। इन दाता देशों ने अपनी सकल राष्ट्रीय आय में से कम-से-कम 0.15% राशि को सबसे कम विकसित देशों के लिए विकास सहायता पर खर्च करने के संयुक्त राष्ट्र के लक्ष्य को पूरा करने का भी वादा किया है। इसके अलावा, वे नए नियमों पर सहमत हो गए हैं जिनके अनुसार सबसे गरीब देशों को सुलभ शर्तों पर और अधिक संसाधन प्रदान किए जाने चाहिए, और यह कि ऋण की सततता को सुनिश्चित करने के लिए नए सुरक्षा उपायों को लागू किया जाना चाहिए।
For example, the effects of climate change can pose critical risks to infrastructure – agricultural irrigation, public transportation, or nearly anything else.
But in the past two years, other players have entered the market, and volumes have skyrocketed.
In this context, the recent decision by a coalition of institutional investors to measure and disclose the carbon footprint of at least $500 billion in investments is a step forward.
Sadly, we know that most countries will not meet the objectives by 2015.
The pace of sustainable development is necessarily slow.
As most of today’s financial, environmental, or sanitary crises are unpredictable and ignore borders, it is in everyone’s interest to create a global “social safety net” that will span an indefinite period of time.
In the modern, more productive parts of the economy, productivity (while typically still low) is much closer to what we observe in the advanced countries.
The dualistic nature of developing societies has become more accentuated as a result of globalization.
This difference in patterns of structural change accounts for the bulk of the difference in recent growth rates between Latin America and Sub-Saharan Africa, on the one hand, and Asia, on the other.
Asian countries, for instance, have typically liberalized at the margin (through export subsidies or special economic zones), spurring new export industries without pulling the rug from under the rest.
MOSCOW – In 2006, when Russia’s government hosted a G-8 meeting on cooperation with emerging development donors, it planted a seed that had great growth potential.
The World Bank wants to learn from these donors, catalyze deeper cooperation, and build a stronger and deeper multilateral system.
Since the full fury of the economic crisis hit in mid-2008, the World Bank has delivered a record $88 billion of assistance for infrastructure, targeted safety nets, and private-sector investment to cushion the most vulnerable and to spur job creation. The Bank created special facilities to assist with food security, rapid crisis response, trade finance, micro-finance, public-private infrastructure, bank capitalization, and restructuring business loans.
The great waves of decolonization were just stirring; the few developing countries were seen as marginal players in the global system – not as central actors or agents of history.
And efforts in the US have implications for other countries as well.
In such cases, the physician must determine how close his or her patient’s situation matches that in the relevant studies. If the disease is not as advanced as in the trials, the doctor will have to decide whether to embark on the recommended protocol.
Moreover, important sources of EBM have themselves proved to be misleading. The Framingham Heart Study, considered the gold standard in its field, was shown to be flawed, owing to its focus on white males.
But the formal classification of diseases has another aspect, one that concerns a variety of important social functions.
Public policy is defined by the public’s interest in the policy, not who made it.
On the other hand, psychiatric public policy must also take into consideration the feeble social and political status of the severely mentally ill.
Classifying disease should reflect the best collaborations between science and politics.
The simple fact is that even if US trade negotiator Susan Schwab had refused to make a single “concession,” and if Europe, Japan, and the big emerging markets had kept their best offers on the table, the US would still remain more open than all but a few small countries.
So, unfortunately, even if Europe came to its senses and emerging markets showed greater enthusiasm for liberal trade, we may not see a big global deal until the next decade.
Absent further trade agreements, there is a big risk that the pace of globalization will slow, with profound consequences for global poverty and welfare.
This year’s campaign was exceptionally peaceful, and millions of citizens voted on December 27 – at times walking and queuing for hours to cast their ballot.
Some tensions are deeply ingrained in societies, and peace requires more than any development agency can deliver.
Ultimately, the enhanced economic activity that development generates is the only way to reduce inequalities, particularly in a context of rapid demographic growth: it is easier to work on a fairer distribution of a growing pie than of a shrinking one.
In Israel, there was harsh criticism of political and military chiefs alike, who were blamed for the loss of 3,000 soldiers in a war that ended without a clear victory.
The war ended with Israeli forces 70 miles from Cairo, and less than 20 miles from Damascus, their success obscured by the shock of the surprise attack, emotional over-reactions, and the difficulty of seeing clearly through the fog of war.
The contingency plan remained on the shelf because of the lack of casualties among Israeli civilians.
Having implicitly accepted responsibility for starting the war, Nasrallah has directed Hezbollah to focus on rapid reconstruction in villages and towns, right up to the Israeli border.
Not according to Daron Acemoglu of MIT (and a co-author of mine on other topics), who presented his findings at the American Finance Association’s annual meeting in early January.  (The slides are on his MIT Web site.)
Acemoglu’s assessment of recent research on lobbying is that parts of the private sector wanted financial rules to be relaxed – and worked hard and spent heavily to get this outcome.
To be sure, the US has long provided subsidies to owner-occupied housing – mostly through the tax deduction for mortgage interest.
The downside was shoved onto the rest of society, particularly the relatively uneducated and underpaid, who now have lost their houses, their jobs, their hopes for their children, or all of the above.
For many years, Japanese governments have taken a “let-sleeping-dogs-lie” approach to territorial disputes over the islands, ignoring repeated provocations by China (and Taiwan).
China appears to have seen the standoff over the Senkaku Islands as a test of wills – a test Kan’s government failed abysmally.
The “rare-earth threat” is not confined to Japan, as China accounts for over 90% of the world’s production, roughly 120,000 tons.
Chinese officials say that concern over the overexploitation and illicit export of rare earths prompted them to regulate the industry more closely.
India is larger, so Rousseff won.
It was precisely that middle class, fed up with allegations of corruption and a sluggish economy, that turned against the ruling Workers’ Party (PT) and voted for change.
Now that the commodity boom is ending, all of these countries face the challenge of building a new economic engine to sustain growth and create jobs.
On the macro side, too little public savings means insufficient savings at the national level.
Rousseff has little time to waste.
Both US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the British Tories’ leader, David Cameron, have spoken recently of a new synthesis of defense, diplomacy, and development, noting that recent American and British foreign policy has placed too much emphasis on the first element at the expense of the latter two.
Neither individuals nor nations have identical interests, however.
If such “global summits” are going to be the principal means of governing in the twenty-first century, we have real cause for concern.
Indeed, diplomats have long been some of the most proficient social networkers and connectors.
The Israeli-Palestinian conflict continues to be the diplomatic charade that it has been for many years now.
Martti Ahtisaari fully deserved his Nobel Peace Prize for articulating a diplomatic solution to Kosovo’s drive for independence.
“Peace” came about only with the total and unconditional defeat of the Tamil Tiger rebels.
His was a truly revolutionary shift from the politics of saber-rattling to the hard work of establishing regional peace.
With the United Nations sanctions regime now having proven to be utterly ineffective, and with international diplomacy apparently futile in preventing the Iranians from mastering the technology for enriching uranium, Israel is being boxed into a corner.
In October 2007, Vladimir Putin became the first Russian leader since Leonid Brezhnev to visit Iran, bringing along five leaders of the Caspian Sea states.
Any regional security architecture will have to be premised on the Middle East becoming a zone free of all weapons of mass destruction, including nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons.
Dispersing the Terrorist Storm
The institutions and policies established by the European Union are a vivid example of the unobtrusive benefits of modern cross-border integration.
Yet the terrorist blows inflicted on New York, London, and Madrid over the past decade have not shaken Western democracies.
And the focus this year has shifted decisively away from it.
This is exemplified in very different ways by the murderous killing spree in Norway in July, and now by WikiLeaks’ disgraceful release of huge numbers of unredacted diplomatic cables.
IBM’s president, Thomas J. Watson, declared in 1943 that there was “a world market for perhaps five computers.”
The second great disruption is the acceleration of technological change.
Thirty years ago, only a few countries, home to a small share of the global population, had fertility rates substantially below the replacement rate of 2.1 children per woman.
Firms that succumb to such inertia will probably sink, rather than swim, in the new global economy.
Keynes, unlike many of his contemporaries, recognized the forces at work in the economy, adjusted his thinking, and, crucially, was not afraid to be optimistic.
Only central banks – typically lenders of last resort – lean against the hurricane-strength winds.
Historically, the post-crisis consolidation phase has been one in which banks are inclined to be cautious and hesitant.
Now, too, as borrowers find credit increasingly difficult to obtain, and as resentment toward banks – and those responsible for regulating them – grows accordingly, we can expect demands for political intervention to alter the distribution of credit.
They will include prestige projects, high-employment companies, and politically well-connected businesses.
As the drive to divest from fossil fuels picks up speed, such panicky responses are becoming increasingly common.
As Mayor of Seattle, I supported the creation of energy-efficient buildings, the development of solar, wind, and hydroelectric power, and a shift toward walking, biking, and public transit as alternatives to driving – strategies that can help to build a more resilient economy and provide viable alternatives to fossil fuels.
The prudent investor, and the wise business leader, will look where the economy is headed, not where it has been.
Europe’s leaders were also paralyzed – ruling out defaults and devaluations, as well as deficits and stimulus.
The first, preventing a global depression, was achieved. The other two – a growth pact, underpinned by a reformed global financial system – should now be the main items on the G-20’s agenda when it meets.
But, for now, America and Europe cannot expand their consumer spending without increasing exports, while China and the emerging markets cannot easily expand their production or consumption without the guarantee of strong Western markets.
The G-20 will not achieve growth and stability without a renewed focus on long-term debt reduction.
Predictably, going it alone has proven futile in ensuring economic recovery.
Since then, repeated attempts at relaunching the peace process have ended in failure.
Over the last few months, the two leaders have agreed on a package of confidence-building measures, including two new crossing points along the Green Line that divides the island; improved mobile, radio, and electricity connections; and mechanisms for business and cultural cooperation.
The EU’s commissioner for humanitarian aid and crisis management, Christos Stylianides, a Greek Cypriot, staunchly backs reconciliation.
But eventually central banks must pull the plug.  Otherwise they will end up in intensive care themselves as credit losses overwhelm their balance sheets.
It has happened before – for example, during the 1990’s financial crises.
And, while calculating the size of the financial sector is extremely difficult due to its opaqueness and complexity, official US statistics indicate that financial firms accounted for roughly one-third of American corporate profits in 2006.
Central banks have to start fostering consolidation, rather than indiscriminately extending credit.
If economic sanctions are to play an increasingly important role in twenty-first-century statecraft, it might be worth reflecting on how they have worked in the past.
Certainly, severe US sanctions on Cuba failed to bring the Castro regime to heel; indeed, President Barack Obama’s move to reestablish full diplomatic relations may have more effect.
Indeed, significant differences of domestic opinion in the imposing country often undermine sanctions as well.
In a world where nuclear proliferation has rendered global conventional war unthinkable, economic sanctions and sabotage are likely to play a large role in twenty-first-century geopolitics.
It is, of course, true that real long-term interest rates have declined quite markedly – not suddenly and not only recently, but at a fairly steady pace for more than twenty years.
We have to look at the reasons that real interest rates were so much higher 10 or 20 years ago, and think about what that means, and we also have to look at the broader history of asset prices and their relation to real interest rates.
But we do know that in 1984 the best-developed such market (in the United Kingdom) was quoting long-term real interest rates of only around 3% – far below the IMF’s figure.
Derivatives are contracts that derive their value from changes in a market, such as interest rates, foreign-exchange rates, or commodity prices.
If a bank fails, the government stands behind most deposits.
That creates a vicious cycle: the bailout option for too-big-to-fail banks concentrates the derivatives market among a few major institutions, increasing further their systemic importance.
If Citigroup – a poorly managed operation that had to be bailed out in the last crisis – could compel Congress to abandon such a rule, it is reasonable to ask whether the political tides have shifted, and financial regulation will not be tightened further.
But controlling the disease may prove to be a better strategy than striving to cure it. 
In the late 1980’s, biologists found strains that were resistant to all known insecticides.
Recent research suggests that efforts to eliminate cancers may actually hasten the emergence of resistance and tumor recurrence, thus reducing a patient’s chances of survival.
Although resistant forms are commonly found in tumors that haven’t yet been exposed to treatment, they generally occur in small numbers.
Researchers will need to establish the mechanisms by which cancer cells achieve resistance and what it costs them.
Such arguments have limited appeal in the largely secular world of Western philosophy.
One major argument against objectivism in ethics is that people disagree deeply about right and wrong, and this disagreement extends to philosophers who cannot be accused of being ignorant or confused.
He tells us, for example, that what matters most now is that “we rich people give up some of our luxuries, ceasing to overheat the Earth’s atmosphere, and taking care of this planet in other ways, so that it continues to support intelligent life.”

The austerity plans being adopted by governments in much of Europe and elsewhere around the world, and the curtailment of consumption expenditure by individuals as well, threaten to produce a global recession.
Once again, we would see what might appear, from looking at the government deficit, to be an austerity-to-prosperity scenario.
That may seem unlikely – one would think that a bad economic outlook would incline governments to postpone, rather than accelerate, austerity measures.
And the evidence of Guajardo and his co-authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times.
To see this, it is useful to recall how Karl Marx imagined the future.
After all, as the physicist Niels Bohr wryly noted, “Prediction is difficult, especially about the future.”
More surprisingly, the capitalist reorganization of production petered out in the developing world, leaving the vast majority of the labor force outside its control.
In poverty-stricken Bolivia, Francis criticized “the mentality of profit at any price, with no concern for social exclusion or the destruction of nature,” along with “a crude and naive trust in the goodness of those wielding economic power and in the sacralized workings of the prevailing economic system.”
NEW YORK – As Egypt’s revolution hangs in the balance, what factors are most likely to determine the outcome? While all eyes seem to be focused on the army, watching to see which way it will jump, other key questions are being overlooked.
But, in order to choose a leader, these groups must coalesce into a coherent force.
That was a wise decision.
At that point, the constituent assembly and government could decide whether to switch to a presidential form of government or establish a parliamentary system on a permanent basis.
The crisis was always about much more than Greece: a disorderly insolvency there would threaten to pull other economies on the EU’s southern periphery, including some very big ones, into the fiscal abyss, along with major European banks and insurers.
But they need to develop (and fund) an appropriate strategy for economic reconstruction, in order to make clear to the Greeks – and to skittish financial markets – that there is light at the end of the tunnel.
But it makes little sense to insist on it as long as losses by banks that remain “too big to fail” could trigger a renewed financial crisis.
And yes: the rich economies – first and foremost Germany – will have to pay for the way out.
It seems most likely, but no one really knows.
Isolating and further constraining a portion of the banking system, so that the channels of credit intermediation are less prone to complete and simultaneous breakdown, also seems likely.
Responsibility for overseeing the global economy is passing rapidly from the G-7/8 to the G-20, as it should.
Thus, there remains the central question of trust and confidence in the system, which have been badly damaged and will take time to rebuild.
The legalization of prostitution in October 2000 merely codified a long-standing Dutch tradition of tolerance towards buying and selling sex.
Only this year, the city administration has started to close down some brothels because of their ties to criminal organizations.
The success of the Swedish approach is not so surprising.
But, for some men, part of the pleasure of buying sex may be the humiliation conferred on the woman involved.
Sometimes likened to a “secular Pope,” the UN Secretary General can wield the soft power of persuasion but little hard economic or military power.
Another $7 billion supports UN peacekeeping forces in places like the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), Lebanon, Haiti, and the Balkans.
Yet in 2006, when Israel and Hezbollah fought to a stalemate in Lebanon, states were only too happy to turn to a UN peacekeeping force.
In East Timor, for example, the UN proved vital in the transition to independence, and it is now working out plans for the governments of Burundi and Sierra Leone.
Counting capital gains, Americans have profited to the tune of $300 billion to $400 billion annually in many recent years – an amount roughly equivalent to the entire US military budget.
Even without any portfolio shift, Americans shouldn’t expect their recent luck to hold up in the future. If there is a global downturn, any region that is long stocks and short bonds is going to get burned.
It took many decades and two world wars before the British pound lost its super-currency status.
An army of pundits tells us that we need to cut emissions, and cut them immediately and drastically.
And this is manifestly not the best of times.
Kyoto-style policies can only ever be an expensive distraction from the real business of weaning us off fossil fuels.
And deeper emissions cuts like those proposed by the European Union – 20% below 1990 levels within 12 years – would reduce global temperatures by only one-sixtieth of one degree Celsius (one-thirtieth of one degree Fahrenheit) by 2100, at a cost of $10 trillion.
It focuses directly on the poor, and on delivering services – for example, education, health care, and microcredit – to their communities.
The dramatic reductions in poverty achieved by China over the span of a few decades, as well as by other East Asian countries like South Korea and Taiwan, resulted largely from improved economic management (as much as earlier investments in education and health may have played a role).
Moreover, as with macro-level economic reforms, there are limits to what can be learned from individual projects.
They acknowledge that we do not know what works, and that the binding constraints to development tend to be context-specific.
COPENHAGEN – Policymakers can concoct many excuses not to invest in global aid and development projects.
It makes little sense for the world to impoverish itself by embracing a poor solution to one problem when there are more pressing challenges that can be resolved at smaller expense.
The cost is tiny: reaching 80% of the world’s 140 million or so undernourished children would require a commitment of around $60 million annually, while the economic gains would eventually clear $1 billion a year.
While our bottom-ranked solutions remained more or less the same as four years ago, the top-ranked item in 2004, prevention of HIV/AIDS, was rated lower this time because of subsequent progress. 
7. Lowering the price of schooling
17. Conditional cash transfers to increase the number of children receiving education
27. Diesel vehicle particulate control technology to reduce outdoor air pollution
After all, who could be against an activity that produces uplifting stories like the cell phone ladies of Bangladesh, who lift themselves out of poverty by obtaining loans to buy phones and then selling minutes to others in the village.
That way, they do not have to cut spending substantially in the months before the fee is due, but can instead smooth spending over the year.
Suspicions are further reinforced by politicians’ underlying paternalism – the poor do not know what is good for them and are easily fooled.
The widespread belief among micro-financiers is that the curbs were imposed not because the industry was exploitative, but because it offered an alternative to political patronage.
That dispute ended only when Japan’s economy entered its “lost decades,” which has made the Chinese determined not to repeat the experience.
And for China now, as for Japan then, the undercurrent for these discussions is US frustration with bilateral current-account deficits.
Whereas the peg to the dollar was resumed during the global financial crisis, in June China announced a return to flexibility.
Japan responded by intervening in the opposite direction – dropping interest rates, selling yen, and buying dollars.
Since the beginning of the year, more than 20 central banks around the world have eased monetary policy, following the lead of the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan.
Even China briefly allowed its currency to weaken against the dollar last year, and slowing output growth may tempt the government to let the renminbi weaken even more.
Moreover, verbal intervention will be followed by policy action, because slower growth and low inflation – partly triggered by a strong dollar – will induce the Fed to exit zero policy rates later and more slowly than expected.
That is why America’s entry into the fray was only a matter of time.
A world in which everybody expects a falling dollar is a world in economic crisis.
Thus, the world economy may dodge yet another potential catastrophe.
Unfortunately, mass killings in Africa continue.
And, in the second half of the twentieth century, after a brutal anti-colonial struggle, Africa’s newly independent countries became proxy battlegrounds in the Cold War.
China is the best illustration of this phenomenon.
The problem is that others are abysmally ignorant about the continent’s pre-colonial past.
Faced with the spectacular rise of anti-immigrant populism in France, and now with anti-Zionist demonstrations (which often coincide with an updated version of anti-Semitism), the French Jewish community is anguished and puzzled.
In 2014, by contrast, the French state defends the synagogues and denounces any form of anti-Semitism.
If the images from Gaza seem to resonate so much in France, it is partly a matter of sheer numbers: the largest Muslim community in Europe faces the largest Jewish community in Europe.
Europe’s Anti-Europeans
With her semblance of moderation, she is far more appealing than her father and former party leader, Jean-Marie Le Pen.
But the vicious racist attacks on the justice minister, Christiane Taubira, who is black, would have been unthinkable in past decades.
The Containment Debate, Round Two
Confronting this dual challenge presupposes a combination of long-term, coordinated strategic thinking and pedagogical skill.
If they were, the West would need only to wait for its adversaries to collapse under the weight of their own contradictions: Russia’s overestimation of its means, and, in the case of the Islamic State, the consequences of its appallingly cruel behavior.
Today, Liddell Hart would probably encourage the West to concentrate its efforts on helping the Kurdish fighters in the Middle East and aiding Ukraine’s government in Eastern Europe.
When it comes to politicians’ liaisons, continuity may prevail in France; but on the issue of reform, change may be around the corner.
Public-opinion surveys reveal an interesting dualism: the French want maximum freedom in the private sphere and maximum protection in the public sphere.
But, if he is, it could not have been revealed at a worse moment, precisely when he was intent on steering the country onto a new, courageous, and badly needed course.
The Congress of Vienna Revisited
By contrast, the Treaty of Versailles, too harsh to be honored and too weak to be enforced, paved the way for World War II.
Or perhaps something like the “bipolar hegemony” of Great Britain and Russia after 1815 (though other players like Austria, Prussia, and France mattered) could be reconstituted, with the US and China substituting for Great Britain and Russia.
PARIS – “Day by day, Europe is moving further away from Turkey,” Egemen Bağış, Turkey’s Minister for European Union Affairs, declared last week. But the reverse is equally true: With a mixture of disillusion and defiance, Turkey has been distancing itself from Europe in recent years.
Unfortunately, Turkish elites’ hopes (if not expectations) were not realized. The Arab revolutions ended up exposing Turkey’s own weaknesses and contradictions, further aggravated by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan’s repressive policies and overweening political style.
Turkey’s current challenge is to overcome lost illusions.
Even the history of the circus is focused on such a pairing: the vain, dignified White Clown and Augustus the Fool, the humble loser who is kicked in the pants by his stiff, pompous partner.
Its incomparable vitality and language, for example, find their way into the work of the Soviet writer Andrei Platonov.
In Washington, accusing fingers point to China, blaming its currency policy for causing large trade imbalances and “destroying jobs” in the United States.
And now, go-it alone fiscal, monetary, and exchange-rate policies are spilling across national borders, threatening currency wars and protectionism.
This had some fatuous implications in the case of China.
Worse still, they have had to adopt strategies – such as currency intervention and accumulation of foreign-exchange reserves – that export financial instability to others.
Don’t Cripple the Tigers
He recently told an Indian audience, “of course, the developing countries will be exempted from any such restrictions, but the developed countries will certainly have to cut down on emissions.”
And Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao recently said, “it’s difficult for China to take quantified emission reduction quotas at the Copenhagen conference, because this country is still at an early stage of development.
In the midst of a financial crisis, it seems unbelievable that European citizens will bear the financial burden of paying off China and India.
Yet, at the same time, the Chinese and Indian challenge could be the impetus we need to change direction, end our obsession with reducing emissions, and focus instead on research and development, which would be smarter and cheaper – and would actually make a difference.
But for most farm products, the phasing out of these subsidies is likely to have only modest effects on world prices – at most a few percentage points.
But should it have become the primary preoccupation of the World Trade Organization?
It provided rich-country governments and then-WTO Director General Mike Moore with an opportunity to gain the moral high ground over anti-globalization protesters.
In the end, it may well be the atmospherics – psychology and expectations – rather than the actual economic results on the ground that will determine the outcomes.
Indeed, China stood with Russia, Belarus, and a few other despotic regimes in prematurely recognizing the thuggish, ballot-stuffing Viktor Yanukovych as President of Ukraine.
Indeed, China has a track record as a serial proliferator, having helped Pakistan build its atomic bomb.
This is why the European Parliament voted across party and national lines in November against lifting the ban until the EU Code of Conduct is made binding.
Something similar is urgently needed now.
First, free-market health care is usually inequitable and inefficient.
For example, each year, 37 million uninsured Indians fall below the poverty line because of catastrophic health expenditures (generally defined as costs exceeding 10% of a household’s total expenditures).
Taiwan initiated a single-payer system in 1995, significantly curbing health-care costs and improving the population’s quality of life.
Which country achieves this goal first will depend not only on revenue, but also on the political will to overcome vested interests.
Money-supply growth has been well above target levels for some time now, indicating excess liquidity.
Judging from the outcome of last month’s meeting of the ECB’s Governing Council, that “ounce of prevention” appears to be right around the corner for the euro-zone economy.
Politicians – like Jacques Chirac in France, Silvio Berlusconi in Italy, and ECOFIN (the finance ministers of the European Union’s member states) – continue to press for fixed, even lower, interest rates.
The most surprising and controversial thing about last December’s rate hike by the European Central Bank was that, after two and a half years of keeping interest rates at exceptionally low levels, the bank ventured an increase of only 25 basis points with no promise of more to come.
Duisenberg recognized this linkage and held firm.
In an interview with Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, for example, Bundesbank president Axel Weber made it clear that future rate hikes were very much on the table.
WASHINGTON, DC – United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s visit to Ukraine on July 4-5 provides an important opportunity to reassure Ukrainians that the US remains committed to Ukraine’s sovereignty and democratic evolution.
In exchange for extending the base agreement, Russia agreed to cut by 30% the price of gas that it sells to Ukraine, throwing out the January 2009 contract signed by former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko, which ended a 17-day gas crisis.
But there is a critical difference between balancing and subservience.
LJUBLJANA - Throughout history, political leaders have supported existing communication technologies in order to defend the system in which they rule.
Political rulers, too, have never liked new communication technology, because the political system in which they rule is adapted to the existing technology.
In stories about politics, these big actors were political parties.
So it probably would not take much for politicians to be persuaded that the press is essential to democracy, and that its survival – like that of public television in many countries – depends on government support.
Experts are unanimous: the financial, food and energy crisis will hammer the “bottom billion” – the poorest in some 60 countries that survive on around a dollar a day – the hardest.
Foreign companies are pulling back capital, drying import and export financing. Trade is declining.
Africa needs to do its share.
·        there is good governance of natural resources to fuel broader and inclusive development
This will set policy priorities straight, put strategies in place to avert a human catastrophe, and help Africa secure its rightful place at the global economic table.
No region of the world is immune to the impact of CO2 emissions.
This is particularly true in Africa, where some countries, are on an alarming trajectory toward becoming major greenhouse-gas emitters, despite having abundant natural resources that can be developed sustainably and with a minimal carbon footprint.
Africa must make such opportunities easier to find, by consistently implementing good environmental policies; establishing national “green growth” road maps; devising innovative financing vehicles to minimize risk; and lowering transaction costs.
Now Rumsfeld finally realizes the importance of winning hearts and minds, but, as The Economist put it, “a good part of his speech was focused on how with slicker PR America could win the propaganda war.”
A high price was paid for that ignorance.
This does not mean that Rumsfeld’s Pentagon is irrelevant to American soft power. Military force is sometimes treated as synonymous with hard power, but the same resource can sometimes contribute to soft power.
We need hard power to deal with such cases.
Revulsion at government and traditional politicians hit the presidential contest like a tornado in the summer, flattening the campaigns of some who were once seen as serious contenders.
Around mid-August, as Trump’s poll numbers rose even after public statements that would have brought down mere mortal candidates, it dawned on the pundits that he was no summer infatuation.
Moreover, her campaign is struggling to escape the quagmire produced by revelations that she conducted official business on a private email server during her tenure as Obama’s Secretary of State.
But there’s only one Trump, and his candidacy is causing conniptions on the part of Republican Party officials, particularly given his campaign’s open hostility toward Latinos.
Even ardent Republicans have dismissed him as a “rodeo clown,” and his campaign as a “circus.”
But they are not only turning away from mainstream political parties and following populists who promise to clean out the corrupt elites from the centers of power; they also share a taste for political entertainers, or clowns if you like.
Apart from peculiar hairstyles (the balding Berlusconi has his head painted), the new populists have several things in common.
In the past, politicians of the left often came from the trade unions, while conservatives were rich businessmen or landowners.
Trumpism, then, or Grilloism, is a revolt against the professional politicians.
LONDON – As the Ebola virus grips an unprecedentedly wide swath of Africa, many are asking whether it is time to begin administering untested drugs and vaccines.
Similarly, a 2004 New York Academy of Medicine survey indicated that twice as many people were worried about the side effects of the well-established smallpox vaccine as were concerned about the disease itself.
University College London pharmacologist Trevor Smart believes that they may never fully recover.
But this argument largely fell apart with the selection of the 75-year-old Pajares.
One need only recall Seattle’s notorious “God” committee, which in the early 1960s allocated then-scarce kidney dialysis on the basis of criteria like earnings, church involvement, and even Scout membership.
23andMe is also coming under fire from its users.
In providing this information, 23andMe’s customers are building a valuable “biobank” for the company.
The massive corporate data store that Google has accumulated through all of our individual searches has become its most valuable asset.
We believe this same phenomenon can revolutionize health care.”
So when will this promised dollar collapse and crisis come? Bergsten says, "Soon."
Louis Uchitelle of The New York Times quotes the highly intelligent Catherine Mann commenting on the "co-dependent relationship…between the US and its trading partners," which might "last for quite some time," because "the US and its main trading partners have a vested interest in the status quo."
NEW YORK – The global economy, artificially boosted since the recession of 2008-2009 by massive monetary and fiscal stimulus and financial bailouts, is headed towards a sharp slowdown this year as the effect of these measures wanes.
The effects of tax policies that stole demand from the future – such as incentives for buyers of cars and homes – will diminish as programs expire.
The weakening of the euro will help Europe’s external balance, but the benefits will be more than offset by the damage to export and growth prospects in the US, China, and emerging Asia.
A vicious cycle of asset-price correction and weaker growth, together with downside surprises that are not currently priced by markets, could lead to further asset-price declines and even weaker growth – a dynamic that drove the global economy into recession in the first place.
Down with Debt Weight
As a result, the slide was halted, and the rebound was faster than forecasters expected.
However, there is something missing in the story.
With fiscal austerity all the rage, they have given up ensuring that “people can buy” and “industries can produce.”
Junk public bonds are no safer for them than junk private bonds.
These include, as “first among equals,” the UN’s 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The modern human-rights movement was born out of the UN, and in many ways it has never entirely left home.
In March, he wrote that “the Organization [must] take the cause of human rights as seriously as those of security and development.”
In a sense, the UN, Annan, and the human-rights activists who have been perhaps his biggest backers, are caught in the crossfire.
Economic growth in the United States has remained anemic, at 1.5-2% for most of the year, and Japan is lapsing into a new recession.
The US Federal Reserve has embraced aggressive, open-ended quantitative easing (QE).
In the US, the fiscal worries are threefold: the risk of a “cliff” in 2013, as tax increases and massive spending cuts kick in automatically if no political agreement is reached; renewed partisan combat over the debt ceiling; and a new fight over medium-term fiscal austerity.
But it is all too easy to forget that the development of this market was initially welcomed, because it enabled even people who would not normally qualify for a mortgage loan to aspire to homeownership.
The dream of homeownership is thus very much alive – and is a powerful economic force – in the emerging world.
On the contrary, a crash makes the dream of ownership more affordable, which benefits first-time buyers – typically the young and less well-off.
In extreme cases, as in Ireland (one hopes not in Spain), the need to save the banking system can bankrupt an entire country.
SEOUL – In mid-November, all eyes will shift to Seoul, when G-20 leaders convene for the first time in the South Korean capital.
The Japanese knew how to coordinate state and private-sector goals in the 1970’s, but then lost their way.
Japanese companies abroad remain profitable and Japan is still the global leader in high-tech niches like electronics or carbon fibers.
When Japan was threatened by Western imperialism, he says, the country had to open up (in 1868) and modernize.
Will this be debated at the G-20? Not openly, but certainly in the corridors.
Well, first and foremost, today’s problems are the result of past success.
But China has re-emerged a big hitter, along with India – whose population will soon be bigger and younger than China’s – and Brazil. How do we cope with this growth of economic and political clout?
And what of the emerging powers? China has taken huge advantage of the global marketplace created above all by the US.
Meanwhile, we drift downstream seemingly oblivious to the looming peril of the rapids ahead.


Though Ebola was known to be both contagious and often fatal, it was thought that only Africa’s impoverished rural population was at risk.
I am not criticizing pharmaceutical companies for not producing an Ebola vaccine when there was no market for it.
One promising attempt to correct this imbalance is the proposal for a Health Impact Fund that Thomas Pogge, director of the Global Justice Program at Yale, and Aidan Hollis, an economist at the University of Calgary, launched seven years ago.
Dry China
To try to compensate for these perturbed weather patterns, Chinese officialdom has launched an unprecedented array of costly projects.
As a result, the Party leadership became steeped in suspicion and distrust toward the outside world, especially toward the so-called “great powers.”
But they remain neuralgic about any hint of outside interference, including even the suggestion that their nation’s business might also be the business of other peoples, and vice versa.
First, farming is geographically concentrated and farmers vote on agricultural policy above everything else, greatly enhancing the power of their votes – something that few, if any, urban consumers do.
Ironically, Japan now offers a seed of hope for agricultural liberalization.
Now the Japanese government, supporting the reformers at the MAFF, is using free-trade deals and negotiations with competitive exporters like Thailand and Australia to pursue agricultural consolidation.
UTRECHT – Gloria Taylor, a Canadian, has amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease.
Along with Taylor’s right to die, decades of debate about assistance in dying came under scrutiny.
He gave evidence at the trial.
Early Retirement for the Eurozone?
Thus, Germany and the eurozone core have increasingly outsourced official financing of the eurozone’s distressed members to the ECB.
Of course, a breakup now would be very costly, requiring an international debt conference to restructure the periphery’s debts and the core’s claims.
Kita belum pernah menemui tantangan yang sedemikian besarnya atau lebih mendesak dibandingkan dengan kondisi terkini.
Kita perlu mengubah kecenderungan ini.
Sama halnya dengan kita menuntut pemerintah untuk menangani risiko-risiko terkait dengan terorisme atau epidemi, kita pun harus memberikan tekanan besar pada pemerintah supaya bertindak sekarang demi menjaga lingkungan hidup dan mengendalikan perubahan iklim.
·       Kedelapan, guna membantu negara-negara berkembang melawan perubahan iklim, donor harus menyediakan dukungan tambahan pada tingkat yang setidaknya sebanding dengan bantuan pembangunan global yang sekarang.
NEW YORK – On the evening of March 23, 1.3 billion people will go without light at 8:30, and at 9:30, and at 10:30, and for the rest of the night – just like every other night of the year.
Hypothetically, switching off the lights for an hour would cut CO2 emissions from power plants around the world.
In the developed world today, electric stoves and heaters have banished indoor air pollution.
Because of rising energy prices from green subsidies, 800,000 German households can no longer pay their electricity bills.
Earth is Enough
Their numbers show that each American uses 9.4 hectares of the globe, each European 4.7 hectares, and those in low-income countries just one hectare.
How can we do that? How can we actually use more area than there is on earth?
This now makes up more than 50% of the ecological footprint, and will grow to three-quarters before mid-century.
When we really examine the “ecological footprint” calculations, we discover that the only thing the world is running out of is space to plant a colossal amount of imaginary forest that we wouldn’t have planted anyway, to avoid CO2 emissions that we can prevent through much smarter and cheaper means.
And nobody plays the history card with quite as much relish as China, where President Xi Jinping is also relying on nationalism to legitimize his rule.
But Japan and South Korea refuse to let go of history.
Japan responded by blasting China for glorifying a terrorist and propagating a “one-sided” view of history – a move that, Japan asserted, was “not conducive to building peace and stability.”
The Asian Sleepwalkers
Rising powers tend to demand a greater role in international politics, declining powers tend to be reluctant to adjust, and key policymakers are likely to misunderstand the intentions of other countries’ leaders and overreact to their actions.
If the US pursues a predominantly confrontational approach, East Asian politics will inevitably become polarized, just as multipolar nineteenth-century Europe gave way to an increasingly bipolar order in lockstep with rising tensions between Germany and Britain.
So US diplomacy will need to be dexterous.
TOKYO – They don’t look like much, those few uninhabited rocks in the East China Sea between Okinawa and Taiwan, and a couple of tiny islets in the Sea of Japan, inhabited by a few token fishermen and some South Korean Coast Guard officials.
Things became more complicated after World War II.
Since the press in all three countries is almost autistic in its refusal to reflect anything but the “national” point of view, these politics are never properly explained.
He cannot afford to be tainted with collaboration.
The last thing that interests any of them is the truth.
At first, the UN, like many Timorese, including José Ramos-Horta, the country’s Nobel Laureate president who won election last May, had hoped that a national unity government could be formed.
Groups of angry marauding young men armed with stones and slingshots ran amok, setting up roadblocks and torching buildings.
Indeed, the Timorese people have consistently shown that what they want from their government is openness, dialogue, and majority voting under the rule of law.
Prime Minister Viktor Orbán sees no reason to behave otherwise: the refugees are not a European problem, he insists; they are a German problem.
Now Muslim refugees and survivors of other wars, having found no refuge in Eastern Europe, also are fleeing to safety among the Germans.
All occupied European societies were complicit to some degree in the Nazi effort to destroy the Jews.
First Georgia, then Ukraine, and most recently Moldova have all been big EU hopes.
Corruption is rife, state capture by powerful vested interests is the norm, and institutional effectiveness and capacity for reform are weak.
Playing a game of balance between Russia and the West allows the elite to remain in power, and to preserve the oligarchical economy in an otherwise harmful equilibrium of semi-reform.
Or it can work harder to turn balancers into joiners.
But the Belarusian economic model cannot survive, with the trade deficit forecast to exceed $7 billion (14% of GDP) this year.
बड़े शहरों के बाहर, अधिकतर स्वास्थ्य देखभाल सुविधाएँ प्राथमिक स्वास्थ्य देखभाल से ज्यादा कुछ नहीं दे पाती हैं। विश्व बैंक डेटा से यह पता चलता है कि भारत में इस समय प्रति 10,000 व्यक्तियों पर 6.5 डॉक्टर, 13 नर्सें, और नौ अस्पताल बिस्तर उपलब्ध हैं - ये स्तर वैश्विक औसत की तुलना में आधे से भी कम हैं और ये विश्व स्वास्थ्य संगठन की सिफारिश से बहुत ही कम हैं।

हालाँकि मरियम्मा के रिश्तेदार उसकी बीमारी से बिल्कुल नहीं पसीजे थे, परंतु वे उसकी मौत पर पसीज कर हरकत में आ गए थे। पश्चिम अफ्रीका में इबोला की महामारी के दौरान भी यही चीज़ बहुत बड़े पैमाने पर हुई थी।
लोगों का सामाजिक जीवन भी ठप हो गया था। कई जिलों में कर्फ्यू लगा दिया गया था, और लंबी दूरी की यात्रा को हतोत्साहित किया गया था। कई शहरों में, अपने घर में किसी आगंतुक को स्वीकार करने का मतलब भारी जुर्माने का जोखिम उठाना हो गया था।

BOSTON – Lives are not all that have been lost in the ongoing Ebola crisis.
The public and non-profit sectors should support innovations that are not only focused on solving immediate problems, but that also address potential future challenges.
There is no telling how many lives may depend on the steps we take now.
Moreover, where the private sector does play an essential role – vaccine development – it has little incentive to devote resources to diseases that afflict the poor or poor countries.
Other health metrics are equally disappointing, with data indicating poorer health outcomes for Americans throughout their lives.
Perhaps this, too, is related to higher inequality than in other advanced countries.
And its transmission to two nurses responsible for Duncan’s care – likely resulting from several breaches of medical protocol – has focused intense scrutiny on US preparedness for a possible outbreak. President Barack Obama even announced last week the appointment of an “Ebola Czar” to manage the detection, isolation, and control of the virus in the US.
These reductions have already left their mark.
Though we may not lean too heavily on our health infrastructure typically, its importance becomes all too apparent when disease and death come knocking at our door.
The guiding principle of public health is to prevent disease before it strikes, and this requires long-term investment in institutions that can protect us.
मैंने हाल ही में फ्रांस के राष्ट्रपति फ्रेंकोइस हॉलैंडे के साथ, गिनी की राजधानी कोनाक्री की यात्रा की, और फिर इस देश के वन क्षेत्र के एक ग्रामीण जिले मसेंटा का दौरा किया जो उस स्थान के नजदीक है जहाँ से महामारी शुरू हुई थी। दोनों ही स्थानों पर, मैंने अपनी आँखों से वायरस के विनाशकारी प्रभाव: दुख, भय, निराशा, और, अंतत: मौत को देखा। यहाँ तक कि मामूली लक्षण भी भारी हो गए हैं और इसका परिणाम यह हुआ: किसी ने भी हाथ नहीं मिलाए।


इबोला के प्रसार को रोकने के अतिरिक्त, अंतर्राष्ट्रीय समुदाय को मौजूदा संकट के सबक को भविष्य के स्वास्थ्य के संभावित ख़तरों के बारे में शीघ्र, सुदृढ़, और साक्ष्य-आधारित कार्रवाई पर बल देने वाली विश्वसनीय प्रतिक्रिया के विकास पर लागू करना चाहिए। इस लक्ष्य के लिए, तीन महत्वपूर्ण पहल शुरू की जानी चाहिए।
स्वास्थ्य-देखभाल के मज़बूत बुनियादी ढाँचे की स्थापना करने के अतिरिक्त, राष्ट्रीय सरकारों को अपनी आबादी को स्वास्थ्य सेवाएँ प्रदान करने के लिए जवाबदेही वाली प्रणालियाँ विकसित करने की ज़रूरत होगी। इसमें संसाधनों का निष्पक्ष और पारदर्शी नेतृत्व, भ्रष्टाचार-रोधी सुरक्षा उपायों, प्रगति की निगरानी के लिए साधन, सभ्य-समाज की भागीदारी, और विफलताओं के लिए जवाबदेही शामिल हैं।
इन देशों के कमजोर होने का एक महत्वपूर्ण कारण उनकी आबादियों में निवेश का लगातार न होना है, जिसके फलस्वरूप आम नागरिक आर्थिक विकास के लाभों का फायदा नहीं उठा पाए हैं। दरअसल, हालाँकि गिनी, लाइबेरिया, और सिएरा लियोन की अर्थव्यवस्थाओं का इबोला के फैलने से दस साल पहले - क्रमशः 2.8%, 10%, और 8% की औसत वार्षिक दरों पर - तेजी से विकास हुआ था - परंतु उनकी आबादियों को अपने दैनिक जीवन में कोई सुधार दिखाई नहीं दिया। विदेशी प्रत्यक्ष निवेश का 65% से अधिक अंश खनन और वन-कटाई में लगाया गया है जो कम रोजगार पैदा करने और धन को चंद लोगों के हाथ में केंद्रित करने के लिए बदनाम हैं।
संयुक्त राष्ट्र विकास कार्यक्रम सहित, जो संस्थाएँ इबोला के खिलाफ लड़ाई में सबसे आगे हैं, वे समुदायों को इस रोग के खिलाफ एकजुट कर रही हैं, चिकित्सा टीमों का समर्थन कर रही हैं, और जीवित बचे लोगों और संक्रमित लोगों के परिवारों को त्रासदी से निपटने के लिए सहायता प्रदान कर रही हैं। हालाँकि ये प्रयास अधिक महत्वपूर्ण नहीं हो सकते, इन कमजोर देशों के रक्षा तंत्रों को मजबूत करने के लिए उन्हें अधिक दीर्घकालीन रणनीति के द्वारा समर्थित किया जाना चाहिए।
Drawing on the perspectives of roughly 900 experts and decision-makers from around the world who participate in the WEF’s global risks-perception survey, this year’s report found that, for the first time in its ten-year history, economic risks are taking a backseat to environmental and geopolitical concerns.
A rapid and determined response could have done much to contain the virus.
It could even provide a market signal for producers of vaccines and drugs.

बेशक, जब लोगों के स्वास्थ्य की सुरक्षा की बात आती है, तो जनता की रक्षा करने और व्यक्तिगत अधिकारों के अतिक्रमण के बीच महीन अंतर होता है। यही कारण है कि जन-स्वास्थ्य के सभी उपायों को सर्वप्रमुख रूप से वैज्ञानिक तथ्यों पर फ़ोकस करना चाहिए, और भाव���ात्मक या घबराहट की प्रतिक्रियाओं से बचना चाहिए।

After all, clinical research to assess the safety and effectiveness of new drugs and vaccines can happen only during an epidemic.
At the same time, more scientific expertise must be devoted to analyzing the shared data and providing new ideas about prevention and treatment.
Of course, transparent clinical trials and open-data platforms raise legitimate ethical and intellectual-property concerns.
With strong public-health leadership and effective coordination in the fight against infectious disease, people in West Africa – indeed, the entire world – would be able to rest assured that another resurgence of Ebola was not just around the corner.
If, over the past decade or two, affluent countries had done more to assist Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea, the current Ebola outbreak could have been minimized, if not prevented.
This can happen when doctors do not know whether a proposed treatment will do more harm than good, or when they are in doubt about which of two treatments is more likely to cure the patient.


On the face of it, the ECB has many reasons to launch QE.
Jens Weidmann, the president of the German Bundesbank, remains openly skeptical.
Unlike in 2012, when the OMT was announced, the objective of QE is not to help governments keep market access.
In fact, the BOJ sets the price.
This is a deeply unfavorable situation, which explains why the ECB, once obsessed with the risk that governments would coalesce to assail its independence, has turned into the staunchest advocate of fiscal-policy coordination.
But major international crises, such as the current global financial crisis, remain with us – which might not be an entirely bad thing.
What remains is the rejection of Eurobonds, but that, too, will ultimately disappear.
The Bundesbank did not fall victim to a sinister southern European conspiracy; rather, it rendered itself irrelevant.
European federalists should welcome this, because the more these heads of state and government turn into a government of the eurozone as a whole, the faster their current dual role as the EU’s executive and legislative branch will become obsolete.
Europeans have reason to be optimistic if they recognize the opportunity that their crisis has created – and act boldly and decisively to seize it.
But what does it mean to “complete” a monetary union? Most important, it means having conditions in place that make countries more stable and prosperous than they would be if they were not members.
Until now, whether or not to carry out such reforms has largely been a national prerogative.
Risk-sharing is thus essential to prevent recessions from leaving permanent scars and reinforcing economic divergence.
But the crisis experience suggests that, in times of extreme market tensions, even a sound initial fiscal position may not offer absolute protection from spillovers.
The EFSI will be equipped with €5 billion in start-up capital, produced through the revaluation of existing EIB assets, and will be backed by €16 billion in guarantees from the European Commission.
The private projects will include the provision of infrastructure, the cost of which is to be repaid through tolls or user fees collected by a private operator.
It is worrisome, to say the least, that the EU is now resorting to similar tricks.
When testifying before the EU Parliament’s Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee, Luxembourg prime minister and Euro-group chairman Jean-Claude Juncker said there should be “open and frank” talks between the euro-group ministers and the ECB—and French finance minister Dominique de Villepin said the same thing.
Don’t be fooled by such feints. The ECB is holding fast and, in doing so, demonstrates to Europe’s peoples that there is at least one EU institution they can trust.
It was obvious that the lending channels in the banking system had become dysfunctional; excessively restrictive borrowing conditions were suppressing demand.
And, indeed, the ECB’s latest staff projections entail a notable downgrading of the macroeconomic outlook.
But it is important to remember that asset purchases are not an end in themselves.
In particular, increased clarity and transparency about banks’ balance sheets, together with a better-capitalized banking sector, will create a more supportive lending environment.
And ECB Executive Board member Benoit Coeure, together with his former colleague Jörg Asmussen, currently Germany’s deputy labor minister, recently suggested that Germany should “use its available room for maneuver to promote investments and reduce the tax burden of workers.”
As the historian Robert Kagan argued in 2002, Americans and Europeans do not only have different worldviews; they occupy entirely different worlds.
Of course, resolving a philosophical debate is not impossible.
But central banks’ new role as supreme arbiters of policy truth is fraught with hazard.
The discussion has so far followed easily predictable national patterns: Creditor countries do not object to deflation, because it increases the real value of their investment, whereas debtor countries’ repayment burdens would grow heavier.
QE is a special instrument used when a central bank’s short- and medium-term policy rates are already at zero and it wants to lower long-term interest rates.
Moreover, mortgages are usually securitized.
Though QE might work in a debtor economy with a flexible financial system like the US, it could backfire in a creditor economy with a conservative financial system.
Augmenting the supply of such securities will take time, which is not something European policymakers possess.
Deflationary expectations can be transformed into inflationary expectations – thereby encouraging more spending – only by policies that induce shock and awe.
If the ECB purchases their bonds, governments will be able to ignore market pressure.
Indeed, Europe does stand to reap significant benefits from fiscal consolidation and structural reform – but in the long run, not in the short run, when the problem is deflation.
The theory behind this strategy is simple: Unable to cut the price of credit further, central banks shift their focus to expanding its quantity.
The BOJ has used a similar justification for its own policy of quantitative and qualitative easing (QQE).
Japan has lapsed back into recession, and the BOJ has just cut the inflation target for this year from 1.7% to 1%.
Like lemmings at the cliff’s edge, central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face.
First, it erodes the effectiveness of standard monetary policy (because if interest rates went much below zero, depositors would withdraw cash from banks and put it in safes).
Inflation is irrelevant in this respect.
But the ECB’s primary responsibility is to achieve and maintain price stability.
But the ECB’s monetary initiative will also help reignite growth and create jobs, thereby benefiting the poor.
Northern European opposition to Eurobonds reflects moral-hazard concerns that monetary activism will discourage structural reforms.
The ECB is responsible for the eurozone as a whole.
As Krugman recently put it, a “deflationary vortex” is dragging down much of the world economy, with falling prices causing an inescapable downward spiral in demand.
Most notably, they failed to predict the rebound in both the US and the UK, with growth rising and unemployment falling even as deficits were cut.
The panic was sharp and severe, requiring central banks to play their fundamental role as lenders of last resort.
He argued at that time, and rightly in my view, that short-term tax reductions and transfers would be partly saved, not spent, and that public debt would multiply and create a long-term shadow over the fiscal balance and the economy.
RENNES – Michael Russell and Murray Jarvik, two pioneers of smoking-cessation research in the 1970s, would probably have welcomed the development of the electronic cigarette or “personal nicotine vaporizer” (PNV).
In fact, nicotine has been the primary target of anti-tobacco campaigns for more than three decades.
But, even on this front, the devices have had considerable success, with PNV use increasing exponentially in the last few years.
In January, a group of scientists (including me) sent a letter to the European Commission imploring it to implement evidence-based, proportionate regulation that allows users of PNVs to identify the product and dosage that suits them.
International organizations and non-governmental agencies such as the UNHCR and the International Rescue Committee, and religious leaders such as Pope Francis and the Archbishop of Canterbury, have weighed in as well. But one group’s voice has been conspicuous by its absence: business.
Becoming involved early in the process of assessment, education, and integration planning would allow the private sector to help shape policy from the outset, rather than complaining about the government’s failures after the fact.
But Europe’s refugee crisis is also a business problem. By addressing it now, business can turn that problem into an opportunity for all.
Dalam lima tahun ke depan, ketiga negara ini akan diikuti oleh Bulgaria, Finlandia, Yunani dan Portugal.
Tetapi jika perkiraan ini terbukti benar, beberapa negara akan mengalami transformasi yang serupa bahkan dalam waktu satu dekade lebih cepat.
Negara-negara seperti Sierra Leone, Lesotho, Republik Afrika Tengah dan Zimbabwe memiliki angka harapan hidup terendah di dunia.
The dismal failure of Middle Eastern and North African economies to deliver the prosperity that their people desperately want is a constant factor pushing people into the streets.
Without high-speed Internet, foreign investment and indigenous entrepreneurship are almost impossible.
Bernard Avishai, a distinguished Israeli professor of business and government who divides his time between Israel and the US, notes that whatever Israel’s young people may think of the Palestinians, they “expect to fly off from Ben-Gurion Airport and land, accepted, in the Western world.”
PRINCETON – Everyone now knows that we are in the worst economic crisis since the 1930’s.
Suddenly, in the face of the economic crisis, these problems have become major sources of political instability.
So only the EU’s strongest countries can really do anything against the sharply worsening recession.
The most obvious way is to use existing mechanisms and institutions, in particular the ECB or the European Commission.
One of the most pervasive and apparently self-evident assumptions of development economics is that sustainable investment and growth requires the rule of law.
In these societies, the social order is predominantly shaped by informal agreements rather than formal laws and regulations.
In these cases, women are often the victims.
For example, trying to eliminate corruption in environments with strong patronage-based power and redistribution mechanisms while failing to address the root problems can do more harm than good, and might lead to violent conflicts over new resources.
कैंब्रिज - आर्थिक विकास ने पिछली आधी सदी में करोड़ों लोगों को ग़रीबी से बाहर निकाला है तथा और बहुत-से लोगों के जीवन में सुधार लाया है। फिर भी यह अधिकाधिक स्पष्ट होता जा रहा है कि मात्र आर्थिक प्रगति के आधार पर मानव विकास का मॉडल अधूरा है। ऐसा समाज सफल नहीं हो सकता जो बुनियादी मानवीय ज़रूरतों पर कार्रवाई करने, लोगों को अपने जीवन की गुणवत्ता में सुधार लाने में सक्षम बनाने, पर्यावरण की रक्षा करने, और अपने अनेक नागरिकों को अवसर प्रदान करने में विफल रहता है। समावेशी विकास के लिए आर्थिक और सामाजिक प्रगति दोनों की ज़रूरत होती है।


In parts of the world where the rule of law is weak, criminal networks and corruption displace democratic processes.
The pursuit of individual attainment is the hallmark of our time, eclipsing the collective dimension of human destiny.
These movements’ amorphous nature – often channeled through charismatic leaders – allows each individual to project onto them his or her dreams, making them difficult to counter within the framework of traditional politics.
Politics begins where contemporary economics ends – with ethics and the attempt to create a justly ordered society.
This divergence is as much a political phenomenon as it is an economic and financial one.
Too many political leaders around the world remain unable – or unwilling – to fulfill their economic-governance responsibilities.
As policy inertia prolongs sluggish growth and impairs job creation, it becomes even more difficult to abandon.
LONDON – The king of Bhutan wants to make us all happier. Governments, he says, should aim to maximize their people’s Gross National Happiness rather than their Gross National Product.
Curiously, the one taboo area in this discussion is population.
More recent metrics have tried to incorporate a wider range of “quality of life” indicators.
More equality would not only produce the contentment that flows from more security and better health, but also the satisfaction that flows from having more leisure, more time with family and friends, more respect from one's fellows, and more lifestyle choices.
That lesson has been lost on most economists today, but not on the king of Bhutan – or on the many people who have come to recognize the limits of quantifiable wealth.
But when its score is adjusted for inequality, it drops 23 spots – among the largest such declines for any highly developed country.
The 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (or “Obamacare”) was intended to ameliorate these threats – and there are strong indications that it is on its way to significantly reducing the number of uninsured Americans.
These insecurities are in addition to those that have long confronted Americans.
And policies, like austerity, that increase insecurity and lead to lower incomes and standards of living for large proportions of the population are, in a fundamental sense, flawed policies.
Dwelling on performance anxiety may cause hesitation or a loss of inspiration.
In fact, real (inflation-adjusted) interest rates are hovering around zero throughout much of the world, and have been for more than five years.
People’s weak appetite for economic risk may not be the result of pure fear, at least not in the sense of an anxiety like stage fright.
Likewise, much of the rapid advance in communications in recent years reflects innovations – smartphone and tablet hardware and software, for example – that has been indigenous to the US.
BEIJING – Throughout the just concluded 18th Congress of the Chinese Communist Party ubiquitous television screens in trains and metro stations broadcast a live feed of the Chinese assembly.
But the authorities remain cautious, given that China’s economic outlook depends heavily on external conditions, which is the source of most current uncertainty.
As some Chinese colleagues told me, the success of reforms in the next decade will depend more than ever on good design.
As the economic pie grows less rapidly, greater fairness will be crucial to social stability.
But the report’s fundamental legacy remains: we have inherited a tendency to obsess over misguided remedies for largely trivial problems, while often ignoring big problems and sensible remedies.
Technological innovations have replaced mercury in batteries, dental fillings, and thermometers: mercury consumption is down 98% and, by 2000, the price was down 90%.
Whereas the Club of Rome imagined an idyllic past with no particulate air pollution and happy farmers, and a future strangled by belching smokestacks, reality is entirely the reverse.
Indeed, reliance solely on organic farming – a movement inspired by the pesticide fear – would cost more than $100 billion annually in the US.
An expansion of trade, with estimated benefits exceeding $100 trillion annually toward the end of the century, would do thousands of times more good than timid feel-good policies that result from fear-mongering.
Hirschman’s interests shifted away from economic development over the course of his illustrious career.
They need to identify priorities and opportunities, and work on them.
What matters at any point in time is to alleviate a society’s immediate binding constraints – another reason why different policies are needed for different places.
This line of thinking has vast implications for the design of appropriate global economic arrangements.
Half-a-Loaf Growth
Economic growth surged ahead, and returns on public investment soared, reaching an annual growth rate above 9% of GDP, shortly after the reforms were implemented.
Nor is the difference greater political effectiveness; few would say that the US government is functioning well nowadays, given rising partisanship and sharp disagreement about its proper role.
Moreover, in order to ensure that such reforms ultimately benefit everyone, there must be a strong culture of trust and a determination to prevent more flexible arrangements from leading to abuses.
Given the risk inherent in betting on policy convergence, labor mobility – which enables highly valuable human capital, especially well-educated young people, to leave lagging regions for those that offer more and better employment opportunities – could prove to be a critical tool for adjustment.
The unprecedented growth of per capita income during the last 20 years has lifted more than one billion people out of extreme poverty.
Nonetheless this rate of long-term growth would constitute a sharp break with the six-fold GDP expansion and nearly three-fold increase in per capita income of the last 50 years.
They earn about three-quarters as much as men in the same occupations, and are over-represented in informal, temporary, and low-productivity jobs.
Even if gains in female labor-force participation and resource-efficient productivity growth sustain high rates of economic growth, one key challenge remains: income inequality.
In a recent critique of what he calls the “mathiness” of modern economics, Paul M. Romer of New York University argues that economists should take measures to exclude academic factionalism and politics from the dismal science.
In addition to criticizing those that draw general conclusions from specific cases, Romer takes aim at those who claim that economic models permit only one mode of interaction and only one mode of individual decision-making.
After all, that is what a model with a very restricted class of rational expectations would predict.
The multi-speed global economy will be dominated by four groups of countries.
The final group comprises the “wild card” countries, whose size and connectivity have important systemic implications.
By contrast, the European Central Bank will pursue its own version of quantitative easing, introducing in the first quarter of the year a set of new measures to expand its balance sheet.
Avoiding the disruptive potential of divergence is not a question of policy design; there is already broad, albeit not universal, agreement among economists about the measures that are needed at the national, regional, and global levels.
Economic advisers assured their bosses that recovery would be rapid.
It is now pretty much agreed that fiscal tightening has cost developed economies 5-10 percentage points of GDP growth since 2010.
And here was the clincher: By committing themselves to fiscal tightening, finance ministers gave themselves scope for some fiscal loosening.
The right policy’s success may depend on the public’s expectations of its effects.
Governments, it is true, could get their money cheaper as yields fell.
But Keynesians have to face the uncomfortable truth that the success of stabilization policies may depend on the business community having Keynesian expectations.
At this point, policy becomes expansionary again, and the cycle begins anew: led by investment growth, the economy rebounds.
According to preliminary reports, annual investment growth in 2012 reached roughly 14% – significantly higher than the GDP growth rate, which accelerated in the fourth quarter as a result of a strong rebound in investment in real estate and infrastructure.
If the government’s contingent liabilities are included, China’s debt/GDP ratio may be closer to 50%.
For now, the Chinese economy, having received its cyclical dose of stimulus, should be okay.
First, countries did not view their sovereign debt as a binding constraint, and instead pursued investment and potential growth.
Recent IMF research suggests that, given excess capacity, governments would probably benefit from substantial short-run multipliers.
And, though unconventional measures have reduced financial instability, their effectiveness in countering widespread deflationary pressures or restoring growth remains dubious.
This is especially evident in Europe, where it is argued, with some justification, that, without such reforms, growth will remain anemic, sustaining or even exacerbating fiscal constraints.
The list of potential policy actions that could benefit the United States – trade liberalization, comprehensive regulatory reform, and immigration and education reform, among others – is long.
But the concerns of serious people, whether on the left or the right, are not so different.
Corporate-tax reform also offers a good opportunity for bipartisan agreement, especially given that Obama and congressional leaders of both parties have expressed interest.
For example, future growth in Social Security benefits or the home-mortgage-interest tax deduction could be scaled back for more affluent individuals, as progressive indexation, proposed by conservatives in the US, and the adjustment of mortgage-interest tax deductions in the United Kingdom, started during the Thatcher administration, attest.
But in a world of low inflation and zero nominal interest rates, getting to the required negative real rate may be a challenge.
This assessment bothers optimists like Joel Mokyr or Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee, who do not believe that technological progress has slowed.
Broadcast radio and television were the first to confront this problem, because they could not prevent those with a receiver from getting the signal.
But the Center for Economic Policy Research, which published the e-book, and Project Syndicate, which distributes this column, are both (at least to some extent) donor-funded.
But I think that much of economics has been discredited by the manifest failure of many economists to be as smart as McCulloch’s parrots were.
Or consider the claims – also rampant these days – that further government attempts to increase demand, whether through monetary policy to alleviate a liquidity squeeze, banking policy to increase risk tolerance, or fiscal policy to provide a much-needed savings vehicle, will similarly fail.
They will agree with the parrots that falling inflation showed that the macroeconomic problem was insufficient demand for currently produced goods and services, and that the low level of interest rates on safe, high-quality government liabilities showed that the supply of safe assets – whether money provided by the central bank, guarantees provided by banking policy, or government debt provided through deficit spending – was too low.
Asked to name where to turn to understand what was going on in 2008, Summers cited three dead men, a book written 33 years ago, and another written the century before last.
But what astonishes me even more is the apparent failure of academic economics to take steps to prepare itself for the future.
Perhaps academic economics departments will lose mindshare and influence to others – from business schools and public-policy programs to political science, psychology, and sociology departments.
Robert May, an eminent climate change expert, has argued that techniques from his discipline may help explain financial-market developments.
Many conference participants agreed that the study of economics should be set in a broader political context, with greater emphasis on the role of institutions.
Indeed, according to King, “Young economists arrive in the financial world with little or no knowledge of how the financial system operates.”
This amounts to what we might call an “irrelevance” defense: Finance theorists cannot be held responsible, since no one in the real world pays attention to them!
MUNICH – There is much to criticize in economics nowadays.
Markets are generally efficient if companies’ revenues correctly reflect all the benefits that their output bestows on third parties, while their costs reflect all the harms.
Trying Keynesian therapy to resolve, say, the structural problems currently affecting the countries of southern Europe would be like trying to cure a broken leg with heart medicine.
Competition, contrary to what many on the right believe, is not always good.
Banks that grant risky loans on too little equity illustrate the analytical value of homo economicus particularly clearly.
A technological leap that raises the wages of the skilled and educated will induce others to become skilled and educated, restoring balance so that inequality does not grow too much.
Today, if we divided up equally what we produce worldwide, would it give us a standard of living ten times that of our pre-industrial ancestors? Twenty times?
Not in Marshall. And why is today’s world so unequal that it is hard to find any measures of global distribution that do not show divergence at least up until the 1980’s?
Clearly, economics – if it is to succeed and progress – must be very different in a generation from what it is today.
Remove constraints on what politicians can do, he implied, and all you will get are silly interventions that throttle markets and stall the engine of economic growth.
Well-functioning markets are always embedded within broader mechanisms of collective governance.
True, the quality of democratic governance can sometimes be augmented by reducing the discretion of elected representatives.
For instance, we know that the global capital-adequacy requirements produced by the Basel Committee reflect overwhelmingly the influence of large banks.
Ultimately, the question concerns whom we empower to make the rules that markets require.
Paul Romer, one of the originators of new growth theory, has accused some leading names, including the Nobel laureate Robert Lucas, of what he calls “mathiness” – using math to obfuscate rather than clarify.
So, unlike the natural sciences, economics advances scientifically not by replacing old models with better ones, but by expanding its library of models, with each shedding light on a different social contingency.
A map of a province was so detailed that it was the size of an entire city.
Practitioners use a variety of formal and informal empirical methods with varying skill.
We say that Mary died in a car accident, not that she was a casualty of the Road Traffic Act.
Full anonymity explains why efficiency rules – say, leaving the most “expensive” patients untreated when resources are scarce – meet with no protest.
Dying is hard. But it is our fate as humans, and it is usually accepted with dignity when the hour comes.
The higher the technical capabilities, and the costs, of modern medicine become, the more contested this particular value judgment will be.
Japan needed real financial risk sharing: charity rarely amounts to much.
Of course, compared to Japan’s two “lost decades” since 1990, even this year’s triple disaster pales in significance.
Investors around the world would take on Japanese GDP risk in return for an expected yield, just as with catastrophe bonds.
An Even More Dismal Science
Krugman made the case that central banks had already succeeded in anchoring inflation expectations to low levels, but had nonetheless failed to put the economy back on track.
Disagreement among economists nowadays reflects different positions not so much on the state of the economy, but on whether macroeconomic policy can provide an effective cure.
Teaching Economic Dynamism
But, again, this contradicts traditional trade dynamics, in which one country’s success does not imply hardship for another.
In these economies, innovation was powered not by global scientific progress, but by the population’s dynamism – their desire, capacity, and latitude to create – and willingness to allow the financial sector to steer them away from unpromising pursuits.
Specifically, students must be exposed to – and learn to appreciate – the modern values associated with individualism, which emerged toward the end of the Renaissance and continued to gain traction through the early twentieth century.
But, just over the horizon, there looms another social catastrophe that they have yet to acknowledge.
The McKinsey Global Institute has identified 12 potentially disruptive innovations – including 3-D printing, advanced robotics, and autonomous vehicles – that will revolutionize the business landscape, creating new opportunities for young minds, while driving older workers from the job market.
Likewise, European countries’ massive public debt is limiting policymakers’ ability to protect vulnerable sectors.
In order to ensure life-long learning programs for all workers, without putting excessive strain on public budgets, they should promote public-private partnerships.
A majority of public opinion polls taken in the last four years show that the views of Americans about Islam continue to be a casualty of the attacks of September 11, 2001.
A companion policy conference has attracted scholars and artists from around the world exploring the relationship between cultural practice and public policy and suggesting new directions for cultural diplomacy.
The US must focus once again on the arts as a meaningful way to promote stronger cultural engagement and, ultimately, to find new channels of communication with the Muslim world.
Some values, long espoused by the Union, should be relatively easy to convey.
A thirst for knowledge, a delight in engaging with the world, and empathy with people from different cultures are qualities that can ensure diversity in unity, and unity in diversity.
To acquire an insight into how people from other cultures perceive the world, what is required is knowledge of how they live and experience life.
Liberal democracy, in its search for civic-mindedness, depends on people and institutions that can guide the way by their example, beliefs, or worldview.
It is sheer desperation that is forcing them to embark on life-threatening voyages.
Only 2% of humanitarian aid currently goes to schools, and aid agencies struggle to cope with emergencies.
The sums are not large relative to the scale of the problem. For just over $500 a year, or $10 per child per week, we can provide school places that would allow parents and children to do what they would prefer to do – be educated in the region.
Yet rich countries also fail.
The US now imprisons around 2.3 million people at any time, a substantial number of whom are poor people who are arrested for selling drugs to support their own addiction.
To break the cycle of poverty, a country needs to invest in its children’s future, not in the imprisonment of 2.3 million people a year, many for non-violent crimes that are symptoms of poverty.
A poor child in Sweden has benefits from the start.
Children born poor are likely to remain poor; children born into affluence are likely to be affluent adults.
We also know that better educated people tend to earn more.
And yet, in terms of economic growth, China blew all of them out of the water.
Whatever is preventing these countries from becoming richer, it is not lack of education.
ADDIS ABABA – In 2000, when the world adopted the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), a promise was made: education is a right, and every child must be educated.
Today, we need to unlock the same doors to ensure that governments, philanthropists, the private sector, and others step up to meet the world’s education needs.
As world leaders head to Addis Ababa this week for the Third International Conference on Financing for Development, they will be guided not only by what happened in Oslo, but also by other important recent markers of global sentiment.
Much can be done to create global goods platforms for educational inputs like books, technology, professional support materials for teachers, and student learning assessment mechanisms.
Even though she is now fluent, her goal of attending school remains elusive; she has no money with which to pay the necessary fees. All she wants, she says, is to train to be a teacher – “to help remove the sadness from children’s hearts.”
Education Minister Elias Bou Saab has cut through red tape and sectarian disputes to introduce a double-shift system in the country’s schools, beginning in September. In the morning, Lebanese children will be educated in French and English.
Education in an Uncertain World
Much work remains to be done – even in high-income countries.
In the past, education was about imparting knowledge.
But as technology progresses and once separate economies become interdependent, working with others is becoming increasingly important.
Employers will have to invest in their workforces.
China soon surpassed the US in other important measures.
Indeed, despite territorial disputes and other divisive issues, the commissioners of the patent offices of Japan, South Korea, China, and, to a lesser extent, Singapore and Taiwan meet often to define and coordinate their intellectual-property (IP) policies.
And Chinese and Western companies should be encouraged to invest in one another’s IP.
Instead of shaking its fist, the West could provide incentives that encourage China to become a responsible actor in the existing IP regime.
The West should pay attention to these efforts, because they could offer alternatives to traditional avenues for sourcing and financing invention, such as venture capital, that are producing lackluster results.
On October 16, 1973, ten days after Egypt’s army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal, Sharon turned defeat into victory by leading his own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front.
That is exactly what happened.
The main assault force advanced toward the target in the darkness until detected, then rushed forward, firing every weapon, while mortar and machine-gun emplacements remained in the rear, firing just ahead of the advancing troops.
But paratroopers, flown in by helicopters, suddenly jumped the Egyptian gun crews, who never had a chance in hand-to-hand combat.
There could be no repeat of the Great Depression, not only because monetary policy was much better (it was), but also because international cooperation was better institutionalized.
But every major international crisis since then has chipped away at its authority. The 1997-1998 Asian financial crisis undermined its legitimacy in Asia, as many governments in the region believed that the crisis was being exploited by the United States and US financial institutions.
The G-20, by contrast, brought in the big emerging markets, and its initial promise was to provide a way to control and direct the IMF.
And, with the espionage apparently directed mostly at representatives of emerging economies, the gulf between the advanced countries and those on the rise has widened further.
MADRID – The continued leaking of classified information by the former US National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden has provoked heated debate about privacy and international law, which, unfortunately, has overshadowed the geostrategic dimension of his actions.
Following the NATO-led intervention in Libya in 2011, which the Kremlin regarded as another example of Western overreach, Russia has been more aggressive in asserting itself internationally, mainly in opposition to the US.
Unfortunately, the chickens of Obama’s first term have already come home to roost.
By dismissing European concerns about how such surveillance is carried out, Obama has demonstrated one of America’s worst habits – that of patronizing Europe.
No one should deny that what happened in Egypt was a military coup, or that forces from former President Hosni Mubarak’s regime have returned to power.
We should not forget that Morsi’s opponent in the presidential election in 2012 was Ahmed Shafik, a former general and the last Mubarak-era prime minister – certainly no liberal.
Underlying the contradiction between the military and the Muslim Brotherhood is not only the question of religion, but also all of the social problems, including inequality, that riddle Arab societies.
More broadly, with Syria’s civil war destabilizing Lebanon and threatening to do the same in Jordan, and with Iraq plagued by similar sectarian violence, the military coup in Egypt appears to herald the end of the Arab revolutions, at least for the time being.
It is the type of battle between Caesar and God that took Europe centuries to resolve.
Indeed, Mohamed Morsi, Egypt’s deposed president, has only himself to blame for his political demise.
The Islamist Ennahda party leads the government, but it faces a serious challenge from the ultra-conservative Salafists of Hizb Ut-Tahrir.
The Rebirth of Egypt
With unemployment running at 30-40%, the government faces a disenfranchised and increasingly bitter population.
But, because the relevant changes are not captured or adequately reflected in national-accounts data, perceptions are at odds with the activity that is unfolding beneath the macroeconomic level.
The reality, however, is that the country is marching, slowly but surely, away from the omnipresent and omnipotent state that has dominated Egyptian economic life for many decades.

His challenger, former President Hosni Mubarak’s last prime minister, Ahmed Shafiq, had no chance of winning a clean vote, despite the support of a huge state-controlled propaganda machine and various tycoons.
Now the hard part begins for Morsi, who confronts an intense power struggle between the beneficiaries of Mubarak’s status quo – generals, business tycoons, National Democratic Party bosses, senior judges, media personnel, and senior state employees – and pro-change forces, whose largest organized entity is the Brotherhood.
After the Spanish Socialist Workers Party (PSOE) won parliamentary elections and formed a government in October of that year, the right-wing military establishment accepted the new democratic rules of the game and foiled a coup attempt that sought to block the advance of the left.
Egypt’s Dead Men Walking
Overall, civilian courts have handed down more than 1,000 death sentences since Egypt’s military overthrew Morsi in July 2013.
The “hawks” who control the security and military establishments seem intent on restoring a Mubarak-style regime, but with one key difference: they believe that Mubarak did too little to repress the opposition.
The organization has also adopted a harsher line, having publicly stated that the “reformist” approach that its government took after winning parliamentary and presidential elections in 2011 and 2012 was “wrong”, and that excluding non-Islamist revolutionary youth groups was a “major mistake.”
Mubarak's ill health, widely rumored for years, was never officially acknowledged until November 2003, when it could no longer be covered up.
Mubarak has been re-elected four times, and rumors have persisted that he will either seek a fifth six-year term or establish a "hereditary republic" and groom his 41-year old son, Gamal, to succeed him, like Syria's Hafez al-Assad and son, Bashar.
There are no checks and balances on these powers.
It is no less important to reduce the presidency's sweeping powers and formulate viable mechanisms for enforcing the accountability of all public officials without exception.
People to whom I spoke in Jordan’s government and palace say that they were led to believe that the post would go to Mubarak’s last prime minister, Ahmed Shafiq.
With the announcement of Morsi’s victory in Egypt, spring seems to have returned to Jordan more quickly than even Khasawneh had expected.
And better relations with Egypt presuppose closer ties with Morsi and the Muslim Brotherhood.
His successor, Ehud Olmert, began negotiating a final-status agreement with the Palestinian Authority’s president, Mahmoud Abbas.
Major Israeli cities were hit several times.
Its hegemony is challenged by the more radical Islamic Jihad (which remains allied with Iran) and a host of Salafi and jihadi groups, some connected to radical elements in Sinai, which complicates Hamas’s relations with Egypt.
Israel’s assault scored impressive initial successes, while Hamas can take pride in having reached Tel Aviv with its missiles, an achievement that eluded Hezbollah in the 2006 Lebanon War.
If the US and Europe choose to remain inactive, they must at least encourage Egypt to play its role.
A spontaneous cry was heard from the lawyers and the families of victims when they were announced: “The people want to cleanse the judiciary.”
Unlawful detentions, kidnappings, disappearances, systematic torture, rape, and inhuman prison conditions have all been documented since the 1980’s by human-rights organizations and a few Egyptian courts.
“He was advocating dialogue with protesters, whereas al-Adly’s men wanted a harsh crackdown. They got their way in the end,” says Major Ahmad Ragab, the spokesperson of the reformist General Coalition of Police Officers (GCPO), which seeks to establish an official police syndicate and reform the security services along apolitical, professional lines.
The majority of these voters will probably now support Morsi, as opposed to staying home (the general drift before the verdicts).
Five ministries – information, higher education, youth, labor, and housing – were given to the Muslim Brothers’ Freedom and Justice Party (FJP).
But others, like the members of the more revolutionary Officers but Honorable Coalition, accuse Gamal al-Din of being a member of a powerful anti-reform faction in the ministry, dubbed “al-Adly’s men” (after former Interior Minister Habib al-Adly).
Hatem Saleh, the deputy chairman of the Civilization Party, which joined the Muslim Brotherhood’s electoral coalition in the last parliamentary election, was named Minister of Industry and Foreign Trade.
The struggle for Egypt thus continues.
As the day ended, Morsi’s office declared that it had not been consulted prior to the army’s statement, and tens of thousands of the president’s supporters demonstrated in several cities simultaneously at midnight.
On the economic front, the Egyptian Central Bank’s report for the period of July 2012 to March 2013 indicates that the balance-of-payments deficit fell from $11.2 billion to $2.1 billion, owing to rising tourism revenues and debt forgiveness.
Indeed, the revolutionary step of steering once-armed Islamists toward electoral and constitutional politics could be reversed in ongoing power struggle.
Moreover, a possible replacement for Morsi is not very clear.
It took decades to develop techniques to classify and derive new solutions.
Finding a description of gravity that is compatible with our understanding of quantum physics would revolutionize cosmology, yield new insights into the first moments of our universe, and provide a deeper understanding of the theories on which all of modern physics is based.
Rather than seeking to detect a quantum of the gravitational field, researchers are looking for other effects that would imply that gravity is quantized.
None of these advances would have been possible had researchers been operating according to the three-year plans that characterize much of current academia.
First, a POC test must meet the particular environmental and operating constraints of where it will be used.
For example, a new class of device, about the size of a postage stamp, that splits a sample into multiple zones with different detection chemistries has been used to test multiple conditions associated with liver failure in HIV and tuberculosis patients.
Finally, the successful deployment of non-dedicated phone-based testing would require acceptance from the medical establishment.
They must be embedded in a much more complex institutional framework, which I would describe as the liberal order.
This is where the second pillar of a liberal order comes into play: the rule of law.
This is where the third element of a liberal order comes into play: civil society.
The shoot-out’s individual competition for heroism or misery is really alien to such a team game as football, but it is accepted as a necessary way to resolve the stalemate. But when it comes to elections – which ideally should always produce a winner – there is no such device.
On the contrary, electorates everywhere seem more volatile than anything else, with voters prepared to change their preferences from one poll to the next.
One may doubt whether this will increase popular confidence in the political class, but for now, at least, the arrangement is working.
There is currently no such risk in Europe.
There are enough good options available to suggest that the world can accomplish the goal of controlling climate change at a reasonable cost (perhaps 1% of global income per year) while enabling the world economy to continue to grow and raise living standards.
While the Prius is a normal ICE automobile with a small motor, the Volt will be an electric vehicle with an engine alongside.
Not only will battery-powered vehicles draw power from the electricity grid during recharging, but, when parked, they can also feed additional power back into the grid during periods of peak demand.
Our climate negotiators today bicker with each other because they view the climate challenge only in negative terms: who will pay to reduce fossil-fuel use?
This outcry should mark the start of a global movement to lift the veil of silence that shrouds violence against women – which often begins at home – and protects the perpetrators.
This potential was evident during the Arab Spring uprisings, when women, empowered by recent advances in literacy and education, organized and led demonstrations that toppled decades-old regimes. In Egypt, even as female political activists and reporters were being sexually harassed in Tahrir Square, they continued to contribute to the revolution.
·&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Ratify and enforce all relevant regional and international treaties, and implement laws that prohibit violence against women and ensure effective punishment of offenses.&#160;
The problems that brought us the terrible crisis of 2007-08 have not been fixed.
Warren has worked hard on financial-sector issues over many years.
After the video of Warren’s statement went viral, more than 13,000 people signed a petition demanding real accountability.
Sensible officials resist this, but they need political cover – elected representatives who will support them on Capitol Hill.
The scientific revolution was made possible by the printing press, the industrial revolution by the steam engine, and India’s escape from famine by increased farm yields – the so-called “Green Revolution.”
So the challenges of survival are enormous.
In future years, China and India also will make massive contributions to increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
On a recent visit to Africa, a senior agricultural scientist said that in today’s world, the scientist is closer than ever before to the farmer, but farther away than ever from the policymakers.
As a co-founder of Doctors Without Borders, he stated that “we were establishing the moral right to interfere inside someone else’s country.”
It invites us to see a big part of the Islamic world as a natural extension of Nazism.
To certain evangelical Christians, it is the holy site of the Second Coming of the Messiah.
So perhaps the existential fear of some Western intellectuals is easier to explain than their remarkable, sometimes fawning trust in the US government to save the world by force.
But a new report from the McKinsey Global Institute (MGI) shows that shifting demographics pose an even greater threat to the growth prospects of many emerging economies.
Nigeria's labor force is expected to triple from 2014 to 2064, and many other economies in Sub-Saharan Africa will experience similar levels of growth.
Mexico and Saudi Arabia improved their productivity by less than 1% per year over this period; Argentina, Brazil, Russia, and South Africa managed productivity growth of 1.2-1.5%.
There is also enormous scope for productivity-enhancing innovation, particularly in health care, a sector that is just evolving in most emerging countries.
Recognizing this imperative is the first step.
Whether measured by flows (loan disbursements) or stock (loans outstanding), the World Bank is massively over-staffed, with a much higher administrative budget than the EIB.
Meanwhile, the Bank’s extreme risk-averse culture reflects a rational response to critics who make a huge fuss about every project or program failure.
The World Bank will not disappear: there are too many vested interests (including academics and NGOs) eager for a share of other people’s money.
These three trends overlap in a group of about 15 African countries that are strongly committed to accountable governance and sensible economic policies.
Second, it can focus new resources in critical areas such as education, malaria, agriculture, and infrastructure, and ensure that most funding goes to well-governed countries.
As has been the case in some other countries, a return to conflict remains a threat if a clear peace dividend does not quickly materialize throughout the country.
Emerging Infectious Diseases
If doctors were around back then, they would have called all these occurrences EID’s.
But some of the ticks are closely related to known carriers, and thus are potential carriers themselves.
Rapid identification using genetic “bar codes” can increase the rate of discovering species and determining the transmission dynamics of potential EID’s.
All that has kept the much-vaunted font of global capitalism from sliding into cataclysm is the US government, which has effectively become the guarantor and lender of last resort.
Financial development, moreover, is ultimately going to be important for these economies to sustain high growth rates and allow a broader swath of their populations to participate in and benefit from the development process.
It is impractical to devise a regulatory framework that accounts for every specific financial instrument and institution.
Suddenly, something (an increase in United States interest rates, a drop in commodity prices, a domestic political conflict) causes the local currency to drop in value against the dollar.
The bulk of that debt is in Asia, with China alone accounting for approximately $1 trillion.
Conventional wisdom also once held that dollar borrowing binges occur only in countries with fixed exchange rates, with the central bank de facto insuring borrowers against currency risk.
The data are not fully reliable or comparable across countries, but quick calculations reveal that there are many emerging markets where such short-term debt is 50% or more of the stock of international reserves.
For the many emerging-market firms that borrowed in dollars to generate local-currency revenue, the recent depreciation is triggering plenty of financial trouble.
Investors have sat on the sidelines, and the MSCI index that tracks returns on emerging-market equities has stagnated.
Stanley Fischer, the Fed’s vice chairman, said recently that he expects the anticipated increase in the Fed’s policy interest rate later this year to “prove manageable” for emerging-market economies.
Over the last year, the MSCI index for Asia increased by 10%, even as it fell by roughly 14% for emerging and frontier markets and by 21% for emerging markets in Latin America.
But inflation is down; the fiscal situation has improved; and the economy has benefitted from the drop in oil and commodity prices.
Scratch the surface, and you found high growth rates driven not by productive transformation but by domestic demand, in turn fueled by temporary commodity booms and unsustainable levels of public or, more often, private borrowing.
But emerging markets do not deserve the doom-and-gloom treatment they are getting these days.
India’s comparative advantage lies in relatively skill-intensive services – such as information technology – which can absorb no more than a tiny slice of the country’s largely unskilled labor force.
Or compare Brazil with other emerging markets.
As the world economy generates stronger headwinds in the years ahead, it will become easier to distinguish countries that have truly strengthened their economic and political fundamentals from those that have coasted on false narratives and the tenuous strength of fickle investor sentiment.
If the crisis in Europe were to cause annual GDP growth to fall below 7% in China, 5% in India, and 3% in Brazil, these countries’ most vulnerable citizens would be hardest hit.
Whatever the limits or contradictions of shared values, it would be naive to dismiss their importance.
To be sure, this runs counter to the triumphalism emanating from Asia, in particular.
The Europeans are pushing for reform of compensation practices in the financial sector.
Until now, the international regime, led by the IMF and OECD, has pushed countries to allow foreign banks to enter their markets.
The second priority should be defining a strict emerging-market standard for regulating foreign banks after they are allowed in.
Encouraging participation by foreign investors is a quick way to jump-start local bond market activity.
Now consider an alternative method.
And the potential for volatility is particularly great if domestic corporations have large foreign-currency debts, which is true in all of the emerging economies under stress today.
If there are large dollar debts outstanding, and many firms find themselves in the same position, the additional demand for dollars will cause the exchange rate to depreciate even further.
Some of the debt does not even appear in the official statistics of borrowing countries, because it was often taken on not by domestically-based firms, but by their offshore subsidiaries.
The fastest way to adjust is via reduced demand and imports, and that is what almost always ends up happening.
Or look at Indonesia. That economy is still expanding, but at a rate – 4.7% annually in the latest quarter – that is disappointing in terms both of previous expectations and of population growth.
It is that the main determinants of an emerging-economy’s ability actually to emerge, sustainably, are politics, policy and all that is meant by the institutions of governance.
The bottom line is that unless emerging economies can ensure that they remain flexible and adaptable, they will not continue to “emerge.”
Nearly 400 million people have posted their resumes on LinkedIn, and in 2014 the site facilitated more than one million new hires worldwide.
This is because most individuals who find work through digital job platforms operate as independent contractors, leaving them without the benefits and protections provided in standard employment contracts for full-time and part-time workers.
And they should be pro-rated, linking employer benefit contributions to time worked, jobs completed, or income earned.
JOHANNESBURG – Africa is again high on the global agenda, and this time for all the right reasons. As the kickoff to the World Cup in South Africa approaches, people are seeing not just South Africa but our entire continent as equal partners in this extraordinary global celebration.
Africa still lags behind many parts of the world in educating its girls from primary school through to university.
Look in our markets. It is women who you will see buying and selling the goods on offer.
But this ambition will be met only through policies that recognize the central role of women in agriculture and enable them to drive a green revolution on the continent.
For Africa to reach the growth rates needed to meet the United Nation’s Millennium Development Goals, women must be brought fully into the formal economy and the financial sector.
The crisis revealed major enforcement problems with this framework, but also major design problems: no light ever flashed red to indicate that Ireland or Spain was in danger.
Crisis management and resolution, meanwhile, could not be reformed, because nothing existed.
Third, just as a new version of existing software often creates compatibility problems with files created with older versions, for EMU, too, transition to the new regime may prove difficult.
So the outcome of months of discussion might be better characterized as “EMU 1.7.3” than “EMU 2.0.”
To see this, consider what a market economy is all about.
But the town’s people would also want access to things that nobody in the city even knows how to make.
Another is to lower wages.
A similar transformation can be seen in every successful non-OPEC developing country.
To survive and thrive, societies need to pay special attention to those activities that produce goods and services they can sell to non-residents.
Ketika pemimpin politik bertemu di Konferensi Tingkat Menteri WTO ke-10 di Nairobi pada bulan Desember, mereka memiliki kesempatan menuju pemenuhan salah satu target tujuan yang terpenting, yakni pelarangan subsidi yang berkontribusi terhadap penangkapan ikan yang berlebihan dan tidak sah, tidak dilaporkan, dan tidak sesuai aturan (overfishing and illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing) selambatnya pada tahun 2020.
Seiring dengan merosotnya cadangan ikan pada tahun 2005, 5.000 orang memutuskan untuk menggunakan kapal-kapal nelayan mereka yang sudah mubazir untuk kegunaan lain, dengan melarikan diri ke Kepulauan Canary di Spanyol.
Yang dibutuhkan disini adalah pemerintah sepakat untuk mengakhiri ketidakadilan dan limbah yang dihasilkan.
Of course, one explanation for the prolonged bilateral freeze is the warped discourse of what George W. Bush foolishly called the “global war on terror,” in which Iran, along with Iraq and North Korea, was cast as part of an international “axis of evil.”
When Khatami’s reform program was ineffective, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, an obscure officer of the Basij militia, was elected Mayor of Tehran in 2003 (after just 12% of the city’s voters turned out), and then defeated Rafsanjani in 2005 to become President.
Sadly, Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, forced his president and foreign minister to avoid the planned handshakes with their American counterparts.
For Iran, what counts now is no longer ideology but national interest and realpolitik.
It has not been under Chinese central government rule for more than 100 years – indeed, since it was conquered by Japan at the end of the nineteenth century – and it has never been part of the People’s Republic of China.
To all intents and purposes, Taiwan is independent already, though without formal recognition.
Ultimately, is for Taiwan and China to regulate and resolve their relations.
Such inhumanity cannot plausibly be described as “anti-terrorism,” as Russian President Vladimir Putin insists.
International agreements and the United Nations Charter are as binding in Chechnya as anywhere else.
It would be tragic if, during the G8 summit scheduled for St. Petersburg, Russia, in June 2006, the Chechen issue were pushed to the side.
Following NATO’s intervention, the United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted Resolution 1244, placing Kosovo under UN administration.
Reintegrating Kosovo into Serbia is not tenable.
What is now required is the will to adopt and implement Ahtisaari’s plan.
Today, as yesterday, the first step towards Serbia’s European integration is full cooperation with the ICTY.
It is shameful that a country known for its democratic values and its unparalleled commitment to human freedom should stoop so low as to kill innocent men, women, and children.
President Asif Ali Zardari went even further, saying that he did not care about the “collateral damage.”
Peace will come when the tribal people, in their hundreds and thousands, no longer see a reason to fight.
There has been much discussion about rich countries’ commitments to increase funds, and whether governments in the developing world have used resources effectively.
In societies where girls are normally married off young, there can seem little point to investing in their education.
But the discrepancy between the scale and seriousness of the problem and the attention it has received is striking.
No religions that we know of explicitly promote child marriage.
This requires sensitive debate, thoughtful leadership, and financial assistance to keep girls in school.
Stern’s sentiment was echoed by Christine Lagarde, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund, who pleaded in favor of stronger climate action to prevent future generations being “roasted, toasted, fried, and grilled.”
This must change.
Supported by a stable, long-term climate-policy framework, public financing can drive the decarbonization of our energy system and our economies.
Kerja sama antara AS, Uni Eropa, dan Jepang berpotensi mendukung langkah besar dalam penyelesaian masalah.
Untungnya penangkapan ikan yang nakal di beberapa negara tidak lagi dipandang sebagai persoalan kebijakan yang terpisah. Pada bulan Maret, Satuan Tugas Presiden Amerika Serikat untuk Pemberantasan Penangkapan Ikan yang Tidak Sah, Tidak Dilaporkan, dan Tidak Sesuai Aturan dan Penipuan Makanan Laut mengeluarkan rencana aksi “semua instansi pemerintah”.
Penangkapan ikan yang tidak sah, tidak dilaporkan, dan tidak sesuai aturan adalah masalah yang dapat diselesaikan melalui kepemimpinan, tindakan, dan kerja sama internasional.
After a policeman died, live ammunition was fired into the crowds – killing a journalist, Bwizamani Singh, and provoking a rebuke from Reporters without Borders.
Instead, women who go to the police are urged not to file a complaint.
You don’t dress in a particular way. Do not live by your freedom….
In the developing world, women are in special jeopardy.
The rate of institutionalization of children with disabilities has remained stable, but is set to be reversed.

In 2005, the last year for which we have statistics, UNICEF estimated that “at least 317,000 children with disabilities in the region live in residential institutions, often for life.”
Lack of resources is no excuse, either.
Ending Nuclear Evil
If they are serious about preventing the spread of these monstrous weapons – and averting their use – they will work energetically and expeditiously to eliminate them completely.
Furthermore, these and other countries’ modernization activities cannot be reconciled with their professed support for a world free of nuclear weapons.
Such a treaty is feasible and must be urgently pursued.
CAMBRIDGE – People often ask if regulators and legislators have fixed the flaws in the financial system that took the world to the brink of a second Great Depression.
In the United States, the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 was just 37 pages and helped to produce financial stability for the greater part of seven decades.
Let banks design their own risk management systems, audit them to the limited extent possible, and then severely punish them if they produce a loss outside agreed parameters.
The financial industry complains that efforts to force greater equity funding would curtail lending, but this is just nonsense in a general equilibrium setting.
Though the origin of this myth is cloudy, science has proven its falsity, and a globalized world has rendered it anachronistic.
Most agree that it offered a way to consolidate and legitimize a state’s rule over a group of people, whether defined by a common language, culture, or ethnicity.
China is often thought to be governed by the Han majority.
Like religion, the nation-state myth requires a leap of faith. Japanese scholar Yoshihisa Hagiwara argues that since it is not grounded in fact, the nation-state myth is bound to dissolve, giving way to an understanding that we are merely individuals who are part of a global community.
Beyond the core Realist theories of balance of power, an introduction to ethics in international affairs – moral philosophy, human rights, and the role of non-state actors – should be mainstreamed in international relations curricula. 

Over time, economic cooperation between the two sides has grown more complex, and a new legal framework is needed.
In September 2007, a move by the European Commission to prevent foreign companies from controlling European energy transport networks was an example of a skirmish in this “silent war.”
The legitimacy of European laws limiting the scope of Russian business activity in Europe and contradicting WTO regulations would immediately be questioned.
The countries and institutions that have committed additional funds in order to help secure the success of this mission – notably France, Spain, and the European Commission – should all be applauded.
Now that there are signs of possible stabilization in the months to come, it is time to start preparing for increased volumes of international reconstruction and development assistance, in addition to humanitarian aid.
Where such damage looms as a threat, early prevention is required.
But what is needed is an institutional framework that would establish greater political responsibility concerning the primary economic objectives that Europe should pursue – full employment and growth – and that would at least partly close the democratic deficit implied by the ECB’s takeover of monetary policy from euro-zone states.
Yet, fortunately, there is no need for resignation.
BRUSSELS – Has the “energy weapon” of the 1970’s – the withholding of energy supplies for political ends – returned? Using oil or gas as a political weapon is easier said than done, of course, but this year’s renewal of the Russia-Ukraine gas dispute, and the resulting cut-off of supplies to much of the European Union, should concentrate minds on the EU’s need to disarm those who would use the energy weapon.
Only by tying the fates of these projects to each other will Russia’s potential to disrupt them be dissipated.
The EU Commission does seem to be getting this message.  It recently authorized spending 5 billion euros for priority energy projects, including1.75 billion euros for gas and electricity interconnectors, 1.25 billion euros for carbon capture and gas storage, and 250 million euros for Nabucco.  Not enough, of course, but it is a good start.
Energy Independence in an Interdependent World
What happened? The technology of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing, by which shale and other tight rock formations at great depths are bombarded with water and chemicals, has released major new supplies of both natural gas and oil.
With respect to climate change, however, the effects of greater reliance on shale gas are mixed.
So, even if America had no other interests in the Middle East, such as Israel or nuclear non-proliferation, a balance of energy imports and exports would be unlikely to free the US from military expenditures – which some experts estimate run to $50 billion per year – to protect oil routes in the region.
A balance of energy imports and exports does not produce pure independence, but it does alter the power relations involved in energy interdependence.
Pada awal pemilihan presiden di Nigeria belakangan ini, seorang wanita ditanya harapannya atas apa yang harus dipenuhi calon presiden. Satu kata jawabnya: “Penerangan”.
Kondisi seperti ini akan terus menjadi persoalan, kecuali dan hanya jika kita mampu menyimpan energi dari sumber-sumber terbarukan secara efisien.
The massive victory of Hamas in the Palestinian parliamentary elections stunned much of the world, but the outcome should not have been so surprising.
We urged the Bush administration to formulate a consistent policy that engages the region’s Islamists who are willing to rule by democratic principles.
In an earlier step toward recognition by the world community, the PLO had to revamp the Palestinian Covenant, which called for the destruction of Israel.
If those leaders could disavow their own violent pasts and take practical steps toward peace in the region, why can’t Hamas?
And, when cancer treatment is needed, its toxic punch hits cancer cells selectively, with far fewer damaging side effects.
In much of the world, we now take these conveniences for granted; indeed, we regard them as necessities.
The industries and economic drivers of the twenty-first century will arise from the increasingly combined efforts of biology and engineering.
The proposal by the Squam Lake Working Group – named for the scenic site in New Hampshire where a group of finance professors first met to devise ideas for responding to the current economic crisis – seems particularly appealing.
The theory of “debt overhang” – the intellectual origin of the proposal – explains why troubled banks are reluctant to issue new equity: the benefits accrue mostly to the bank’s bondholders and dilute existing shareholders.
As a result, the FSB is in a unique position to make innovation happen.
To be sure, this eventuality is being hotly debated.
And yet, as unfair as this may be, the rich are not waiting for the playing field to be leveled; they are making wide use of elite private education.
As justifiable as some of the ethical concerns may be, there are simply too many benefits to be gained from preventing hereditary diseases.
Since the 1980’s, “shareholder value” has increasingly become the focus of corporate governance.
Furthermore, many bank shareholders have suffered from the disruption in lending, either directly or via their businesses or employers.
But their arguments are flawed and misleading.
And such requirements would reduce the likelihood that strong banks would be called upon to finance the resolution of failed institutions. (Of course, these considerations are less relevant if bankers expect to succeed in blocking all regulation aimed at reducing excessive risk-taking, and to be bailed out in a crisis.)
The citizens of today’s free societies are (almost always) democrats out of conviction, custom, and habit.
But what they see is small-mindedness and the pursuit of narrow self-interest.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy, as one of his first initiatives, proposed a ban on “golden parachutes” for departing managers of firms traded on the stock exchange, in order to halt the practice of taking huge severance payments without the consent of shareholders.
Preserving the democratic life of the EU and its member states implies a duty – which should be enshrined in the treaty – to uphold standards of official behavior that today’s citizens demand.
Given that the HPA calls for helium sales to cease once the debt is paid – that is, this October – the scientific, medical, and technology communities have become increasingly concerned about a massive helium shortage and ballooning costs.
Moreover, the rapid expansion in the US of shale gas, which contains no economically recoverable helium, has squeezed marginal conventional-gas supplies.
Given that the CO2 is not yet being produced and will not be vented, the field’s helium remains inaccessible.
Together, they should produce 25% of the world’s helium during 2014.
But it is not a model for job creation and inclusive growth that policymakers and entrepreneurs elsewhere can emulate – at least not without making some fundamental adjustments.
The key question, then, is how to harness Silicon Valley’s entrepreneurial and innovative prowess to the goal of inclusive economic growth in America’s heartland.
Since 2008, however, few aspiring entrepreneurs have been able to borrow significant amounts of money from banks.
But a growing number of foundations – such as the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the Kresge Foundation – are increasing the share of assets they direct toward investments that further their philanthropy.
Planetary Boundaries and Human Prosperity
Global temperatures rose and fell by no more than one degree Celsius (compared with swings of more than eight degrees Celsius during the last ice age), and resilient ecosystems met humanity’s needs.
As we overdraw on our planet’s accounts, it is starting to levy penalties on the global economy, in the form of extreme weather events, accelerated melting of ice sheets, rapid biodiversity loss, and the vast bleaching of coral reefs.
If we are to ensure that our planet remains one on which all of humanity can thrive, we will have to pursue a new paradigm of prosperity.
In less than 35 years, some 66% of the global population will live in cities. Much of this urban growth will occur in developing countries, especially in Africa.
As we develop a better understanding of ordinary people’s needs and priorities, those negotiating a global agreement at the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris later this year would be wise to take note. Opaque decisions and unexplained priorities are unlikely to receive public support.
The belief that boosting equality requires sacrificing economic efficiency is grounded in one of the most cherished ideas in economics: incentives.
Moreover, redistributive policies did not appear to have any detrimental effects on economic performance.
In China, for example, rapid economic growth after the late 1970s was associated with a significant rise in inequality.
If pay differentials have narrowed because of an increase in the relative supply of skilled workers, we can be hopeful that declining inequality in Latin America will not stand in the way of faster growth (and may even be an early indicator of it).
CAMBRIDGE – How should one understand the disconnect between the new highs reached by global equity indices and the new depths plumbed by real interest rates worldwide? Several competing explanations attempt to reconcile these trends, and getting it right is essential for calibrating monetary and fiscal policy appropriately.
Another possible explanation of low interest rates is financial repression.
Adverse demographics and declining labor-supply growth in most advanced economies are undeniably important.
The problem is that the government likely faces high costs if a disaster strikes, which implies a high option value to preserving fiscal space for when it is most needed.
Despite recent challenges, Pakistan put vaccinators back on the job in 28 districts, where 12 million children needed to be reached.
The simultaneous scaling back of the local-government system, along with the divisive politics of coalition governments in Pakistan’s fragile democracy, continues to undermine implementation of the polio eradication program.
As in Nigeria, vaccination delays will be highly detrimental for neighboring countries.
Polio today has become an example of the complex problems plaguing Pakistan’s state and its society.
Government prosecutors have mounted a series of sham trials, charging hundreds of military officers, academics, and journalists with membership in an armed terrorist organization aiming to topple the Erdoğan government.
For example, the alleged 2003 coup plot was supposedly discovered when CDs containing detailed preparations (including assassination teams and plans to bomb two mosques) were delivered to a virulently anti-military newspaper.
No friend of the army, he pursued rogue elements within the military in a famous investigation several years ago.
The amended constitution expands the constitutional court and the supreme council of judges and prosecutors.
That year marked the last gasp of the authoritarian/bureaucratic regime that emerged in the early 1920’s, and that had become so isolated from the public that its legitimacy had evaporated.
That decade was characterized by low and unstable growth; low per capita GDP, at around $3,400 dollars; dramatically low productivity; an unsustainable fiscal and financial position in both the public and private sectors; average annual inflation of 70% for more than two decades; a lack of competitiveness, reflected in 10% unemployment; and widespread corruption.
Indeed, annual real GDP rose by 9% in 2010.
The question now is how Turkey will use its rapidly growing economic power.
Much has changed in the Middle East during the past two years, and not to Turkey’s advantage. As a result, Turkey is now seeking to contain a rapidly deteriorating regional security situation.
Having had direct meetings with both Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Erdoğan was in a unique position, as a prime minister of a NATO country, to convey these critical messages to a regime whose top-level decision-making processes remain as opaque as ever to the West.
ISTANBUL – In very few democracies could such a small shift in votes lead to outcomes as different as the ones that could result from Turkey’s general election on June 7.
This year, however, the Kurdish political movement has decided to field its candidates as members of a single party.
Far from securing a dominant position, Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu would be forced to choose between aligning his party with the HDP or the conservative Nationalist Movement Party (MHP).
Erdoğan’s Second Chance
The political instability following June’s inconclusive election had been compounded by a sharp decline in domestic and regional security.
In the end, HDP ended with 10.75% of the vote, down from 13% in the June elections, preventing Erdoğan from securing the compliant parliament he would need to establish an executive presidency.
The AKP should take comfort in its large majority and start to view minority views and even peaceful dissent more benignly, in a way that befits a country negotiating accession to the European Union.
It is said to be an excellent chronicle of the court’s day-to-day goings-on, revealing, for example, that the emperor celebrated Christmas as a boy, that he had nose surgery in his youth, and how often he met with whom.
On September 6, an imperial conference was convened to approve a timetable for war mobilization in the event of a breakdown in US-Japanese diplomatic talks.
For months, he told himself and others that first “Japan must have another brilliant military gain” over the US, so that it would have a modicum of diplomatic clout in negotiating a postwar settlement.
But, for now, Hirohito remains a singularly unfathomable and isolated character who defies common understandings – alas, to the detriment of a better understanding of “what actually happened.”
However, they do not reach all places.
Moreover, TAP membership would be voluntary, an important advantage over the FTAA.
But, as the boom recedes, a deep, debilitating weakness is becoming increasingly apparent: the region’s inadequate education systems.
Once foreign investment and higher commodity export prices are excluded from the growth calculations, Latin America’s recent economic performance barely exceeds its unexceptional historical average.
Workers are either forced into the informal sector, where basic workplace protections are absent, or they become reliant on state handouts, creating fertile ground for populist politicians and criminals.
What is at issue is the law-enforcement authorities’ independence and impartiality.
When Turkey became a democracy in 1950, the previous system’s secular Kemalist elites attempted to harness the power of the military and the bureaucracy to control the elected government.
Although Gülen followers have disagreed with several of the government’s policies, they largely backed the AKP in the last three elections.
But all of the signs point to a coordinated political crusade by Gülen followers, including the chief prosecutors involved in the recent corruption cases and the pro-Gülen media that have steadfastly defended the prosecutors’ impartiality (despite the many irregularities – such as extensive unauthorized wiretaps – that have come to light).
Moldova and Georgia were in the last category until recently.
Estonia’s experience suggests how Georgia and Moldova should shape their policies vis-à-vis Russia.
True, Georgia seemed a less appealing partner than the Baltic states.
Russia, and to some extent the United States, are the powers that matter in Georgia.
Moldova is deeply in debt, unemployment is high, and its once well-regarded wine industry is in decline.
It always comes back to oil.
The overthrow of Saddam was the longstanding pet idea of the neoconservative Project for a New American Century, which was already arguing in the 1990’s that Saddam was likely to achieve a stranglehold over “a significant proportion of the world’s oil supplies.”
Important energy technologies will include conversion of coal to liquids (such as gasoline), use of tar sands and oil shale, and growth in non-fossil-fuel energy sources.
Of course, there are also major political, regulatory, and security considerations, all of which need to be addressed properly.
This is the central problem confronting the world as it seeks to forge a framework to combat climate change.
Just waiting for the high-growth developing countries to catch up with the advanced countries is even less of a solution.
The ingredients for such a grand bargain are fairly clear.
Conflict between advanced and developing countries over responsibility for mitigating carbon emissions should not be allowed to undermine prospects for a global agreement.
The high level of income inequality requires specific poverty reduction efforts.
Conditional cash transfers are another option for Latin American policy makers to consider.
Early childhood development projects – designed to improve children’s physical, intellectual, and social development – form a third effective set of redistributive policies.
The Anti-Fragility of Health
Most dictionaries define health as the “absence of disease.” But, in those terms, it is not a compelling proposition for people to “invest in health.”
Like education, health ultimately demands the active participation of the individuals involved.
When it comes to producing health, virtually everyone is a volunteer.
The argument that “the other guys do it” is lame, but it is also true.
But what of the assumptions that we rarely question? Yes, our government’s primary job is to protect us; but people die all the time, often unfairly, and there are limits on how much protection we seek or even allow.
That is crazy.
But just having the truth does not create accountability by itself.
Badly behaved movie stars and politicians skew ideas of the norm – or of what should be acceptable.
The problem is not that Watsi is a bad service.
It is like looking through a telescope: a lot of detail, no perspective.
Let’s help people build their own societies.
A speaker may want to promote his or her employer, or find a new one.
Of course, many conferences combine the two models.
Oh, they're evil, was the reply.
Much of today’s time-based pricing can be traced back to the topics that were explained and explored at that event.
What has people outraged is the notion that Facebook is manipulating its unwitting users to advance its own agenda, with many citing the secrecy surrounding the research to illustrate the company’s misconduct (though the company published the results with no apparent sense of unease).
When forces beyond our control make us unhappy, at least we do not feel angry with ourselves for putting ourselves in that position.
But marketers also regularly test users’ emotional reactions to less explicit aspects of their products, from the color of their packaging or their placement in the store to their celebrity spokesperson.
NEW YORK – Why is privacy such a challenge for private companies? (Governments have their own problems, but that is another story.)
There are many such “customer relationship” services, which rely on data sources that match usernames and email addresses using unspecified means.
The question is how to distinguish between the two groups.
The film’s protagonist soon falls in love with one of these operating systems.
The concreteness of the data scares them.
Academic studies have found that locally cultivated vertical farms – stacked greenhouses that use artificial light to grow crops – can provide considerable savings, which could then be passed along to consumers.
PlantLab’s pitch is that a PPU the size of a city block and just a few stories high could produce the same volume of high-quality crops as a large farm, while consuming fewer resources.
And it would supply 50,000 people with a consistently high-quality seven-ounce (198.4 grams) daily requirement of fresh herbs, vegetables, and ground fruits like berries for at least ten years – all in less space that the average multi-story parking lot.
If the company’s processes offer all of the benefits that it claims, I hope that its founders license their patents broadly over time.
The Great Global Bazaar
Late communism was a strange time indeed.
That is precisely the attitude that I hope to bring to my travels within the United States for The Way to Wellville contest, in which five communities will compete to improve their health.
But earlier this month I attended School Food FOCUS’s “National Gathering.” I found it both heartwarming and thought-provoking.
Indeed, FOCUS turns the vendors into allies – and sponsors.
Restaurant chains such as McDonald’s, for example, have transformed agriculture around the world with their homogenizing requirements for meat, bread, potatoes, and the like. Under the assumption that consistency equals quality, variation in the size or color of, say, tomatoes has come to be considered bad (unless one calls them “heirloom” tomatoes and emphasizes their uniqueness).
Now I worry that they are terribly inefficient.
Management makes a difference, one that ultimately boils down to good leadership and best practices.
In the case of for-profit goods and services, customers and payers are the same people; they monitor the quality themselves.
The BCHD has 70 staff and about 700 volunteers.
While I expect to learn much more as I work on HICCup, I am already sure that the biggest problem will be finding people to take on the challenges in each community.  What’s the optimal balance between replicability and the human touch?
This is a well-known phenomenon known as loss aversion: the risk of a one outweighs the hope of a five.
If you are a customer buying a product that should work, you want the nine out of ten; if you are a venture capitalist who thinks she can add value, you want the eight out of 20.
It would be nice to understand those numbers better.
At the bottom were 25% who had a police record for some kind of bad behavior.
Now that the taper has been postponed, capital is flowing back in some cases.
Second, there are policy failures, which occur when undisciplined macroeconomic policies and inconsistent or ineffective financial regulatory policies heighten the risks associated with volatile capital flows.
So how can policymakers address these failures? There has been some progress at the international level on regulatory reforms aimed at addressing market failures, though such efforts have been limited by strident resistance from financial institutions.
In India, for example, increasing productivity and long-term growth require fiscal discipline and a raft of financial- and labor-market reforms.
To be sure, China already plays a significant role in international trade and finance, with major financial centers like London and Frankfurt eagerly lining up for renminbi business.
Foreign investors now hold more than $5.7 trillion of these low-yielding securities, not to mention large quantities of other dollar assets.
This contrasts sharply with China’s single-party system, in which the level of government accountability is much lower.
"Everything . . . everything changes."
They believe we will be condemned to the abyss unless we accept rules created by the world's powerful.
Indeed, Argentina's case is pathetic.
The more we pay, the more we seem to owe and the less we have.
Eternal Hong Kong
In short, ours is a system of government like many others.
Inevitably, this will often involve compromise.
This is an all-encompassing brief, covering everything we do as a community and an economy in areas ranging from international trade to art, culture, and tourism.
But, above all, it is an honor and a privilege to play such a role in our society, and I know that the vast majority of officials, legislators, judges, and civil servants with whom I’ve worked would agree.
In contrast to 1929, credits are not now being throttled; on the contrary, public money is being pumped into banks and the economy.
The fatal human instincts of greed and hubris can be tamed only with some elementary ethical norms.
• We must value a sense of moderation and modesty instead of an unquenchable greed for money, prestige, and consumption.
Vienna – The European Union, the United States, and other major donors will pump about $2.5 billion into Ethiopia this year, a sum that does not even begin to include the cost of medicines, famine relief, and countless other services provided by non-profit groups in one of the world’s most impoverished countries.
Some journalists and politicians sought asylum in other countries.
Yet badgering or jailing journalists is no way to resolve what could be handled through a voluntary media council or independent ombudsman.
·        Donors should deny Ethiopian ministers a seat at diplomatic tables, such as the coveted spot Zenawi got at the G-20 summit in London as head of the New Partnership for Africa’s Development;
LONDON – There is something rotten about the European Union’s debate on migration.
Given its close proximity to a deadly conflict in Syria and countries marked by extreme poverty, human-rights abuses, and weak or collapsed states and economies, the EU is inevitably a magnet for migrants and asylum-seekers.
According to Frontex, roughly a quarter of the migrants who crossed the Mediterranean in 2014 were Syrian families escaping the civil war there.
Europe’s institutional response is to view all migration as a border-management issue.
Instead, acting on the EU’s founding values, member states should co-finance a search and rescue operation along the lines of Mare Nostrum; strengthen their efforts to protect the rights of refugees; and share the burden of granting asylum.
LONDON – Is £1.7 billion ($2.7 billion) a lot of money for the British government to fork out?
UKIP could conceivably hold the balance of power following next May’s general election, and force the government to hold its promised “in-out” referendum on EU membership.
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi duly joined the chorus of outrage, calling the recalculation a “lethal weapon.”
Taken to its logical extreme, member countries would demand recalculations to reflect the different ways they measure income and wealth, thereby pitting potential beneficiary countries against contributors.
In June, the EU’s home and justice ministers voted to retain significant national powers over the protection of digital privacy, rather than creating a single set of rules that would apply in all 28 EU countries.
It aimed to harmonize Europe’s fragmented legal framework, provide businesses with a helpful “one-stop shop,” and reassure consumers that their data were being used properly.
But Europe’s online sector is dominated by business-to-business companies with little-known brands that process consumer data but lack direct contact with users.
BRUSSELS – The fiscal rules of the European Union have undergone some much-needed improvements in recent years, but much more needs to be done.
But it would require a more sophisticated analytical framework than the current one, which merely distinguishes between countries on the basis of whether they meet the EU’s 60%-of-GDP ceiling on public debt.
One possible vehicle for accomplishing this is the independent councils that the EU’s so-called fiscal compact has now made mandatory for every country in the eurozone.
The EFC would be authorized to request an amended assessment of a country’s fiscal trajectory and requirements.
Continued technological progress suggests that renewable energies – from wind and solar to, perhaps, planetary winds – may ultimately supplant fossil fuels, anyway.
European leaders are well aware of the risks their economies face.
“Astana,” he vowed, “will never be in an organization which represents a threat to the independence of Kazakhstan.”
For EU leaders, the time has come to think ahead.
Unfortunately, either outcome would merely delay a politics-induced crisis in the EU. After all, in Italy, too, the signs point to a coming storm – one bearing down not only on austerity, but also increasingly on the euro itself.
It is no exaggeration to say that the EU is currently both internally and externally threatened by reactionary nationalism, which is why the next euro crisis will come in the form of a political crisis. So why are the authorities in Berlin, Brussels, and the other EU capitals still not willing to change their policies, which quite obviously have made a bad situation worse?
Being left out of the labor market increases the risk of poverty and poor health, and the longer unemployment lasts, the more damaging the effects.
Germany ranks a distant second, with 21% of those surveyed saying they would prefer a permanent position.
In February 2013, EU leaders launched a Youth Employment Initiative, with a budget of €6 billion, to help alleviate the problem. But German Chancellor Angela Merkel admitted in June 2014 that the initiative has so far been a failure.
But protracted economic crisis has changed their citizens' perspective, with a rising proportion viewing EU membership as more costly than beneficial.
But they are also interdependent, with each member's actions shaped by external factors.
When financially stable countries disregard the challenges facing their struggling counterparts, they are acting against their own interests.
It would also help if creditors understood that their contributions, like their decades of support to cohesion funds, will not impoverish them (by, say, depleting their public pensions).
BERLIN – For many centuries, Europe was a continent plagued by wars, famines, and poverty.
Throughout Europe, xenophobia and open racism are running rampant, and nationalist, even far-right parties are gaining ground.
Clearly, the EU must substantially strengthen its Common Foreign and Security Policy, including the European Neighborhood Policy, in order to address more effectively the causes of migration at the source.
The Roma suffered disproportionately after the collapse of communism in 1989, as they worked largely in unskilled industrial jobs that were the first to be cut.
From Ukraine to Greece, events have led the continent from the frying pan to the fire and back again, with all of the attendant summitry, declarations, and brinkmanship.
The port of Calais has become a chokepoint of the crisis, with migrants desperately trying to force their way onto trucks and trains bound for the United Kingdom.
After all, the factors driving hundreds of thousands of people to risk everything to get to Europe are nowhere near being resolved.
All of this will require an update of the legal categorizations of migrants, as well as burden-sharing within the EU, which is glaringly absent at the moment.
But none has raised such fundamental questions about the meaning of the EU as the current debate about migration.
At first glance, the relocation system – which would move 40,000 asylum-seekers from Italy and Greece to other EU members countries, with the allocation determined according to factors such as GDP, population, and the unemployment rate – may seem like a substantial step.
Instead of reinforcing its foundations with solidarity and compassion, the Union has fractured.
No response, it must be stressed, would be complete without a sustained commitment to addressing the drivers of mass immigration – and that means a complete overhaul of the EU’s Neighborhood Policy.
Yanukovych, failing to crush them with his security forces, simply fled.
His main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union, which he knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into his embrace.
When I left the Vilnius meeting in 2013, I could certainly see storm clouds gathering, but I did not know that Putin was prepared to unleash so much aggression and turmoil.
By confirming the Eastern Partnership agreements, the EU’s leaders will demonstrate that they are not prepared to acquiesce in a new Yalta-style division of the continent that would deprive these countries of their right to choose their own destiny.
That the EU needs a new security strategy is clear.
The difficulty of integrating immigrant communities into European societies has sometimes led to radicalization, providing ammunition to nationalist politicians and further fracturing Europe.
Federica Mogherini, the EU’s High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and Vice-President of the European Commission, is correct when she urges the close involvement of member states in the discussions, in order to give them a sense of ownership over whatever strategy emerges.
ROME – Later this year, Turkey will host the 2015 G-20 Leaders' Summit, the tenth annual meeting of the G-20 heads of government.
The EU accounts for almost 40% of Turkish trade, 70% of its foreign direct investment, and more than 50% of its tourism industry.
The country risks being sucked into the region's sectarian conflicts – and being tempted by the authoritarian sirens of Vladimir Putin's Russia.
This would enable the EU to open chapters 23 and 24 of the accession talks – those that deal with rights, fundamental freedoms, and the judiciary – as the European Parliament and the European Commission advocate.
MUNICH – The euro has brought a balance-of-payments crisis to Europe, just as the gold standard did in the 1920s.
Ireland was on its own, so it had no option but to implement massive austerity measures, reducing its product prices relative to other eurozone countries by 13% from peak to trough.
Each path is associated with serious complications.
Of course, in that case the north needs to inflate faster than by just 2%.
Moreover, the southern EU countries, instead of leaving prices unchanged, could abandon austerity and issue an ever greater volume of new bonds to stimulate the economy.
A strong dollar and a weak euro is certainly the most popular bet of 2015.
On the side of a stronger dollar and weaker euro, there seem to be three possibilities.
Many countries have spent decades diversifying their wealth away from dollars, for both financial and geopolitical reasons.
As we know from decades of Japanese and Swiss experience, selling a low-interest-rate currency simply to chase higher US yields is often a costly mistake.
The five countries in trouble will need to place tens of billions of euros in new debt and roll over even larger amounts of old debt.
Nineteen years of experience with the Maastricht Treaty, which created both the EU and the euro, has shown convincingly that such limits are unenforceable.
Sweden and Chile are almost poles apart geographically, but both have used sophisticated fiscal rules successfully.
America’s capital is once again abuzz with talk of war, not only of the latest “strategy for victory” in Iraq, but now also of military action against Iran.
As with Iraq, America’s strength may be enough to start a war, but not to win it.
Germany now wants to send some Tornado jets for reconnaissance purposes – better than nothing, but not by much.
The Europeans – led by Merkel, Blair, and Chirac – should agree to assure the US that Europe is ready to pay a high, perhaps very high, economic price by taking decisive action to intensify the sanctions against Iran.
From that standpoint, in spite of a rapprochement between France and the United States, culminating in a joint UN resolution, the latest Middle East war is in reality widening and deepening the emotional gap that has existed between Europe and the US since the war in Iraq began.
With the passing of time and the transformation of Israel from a small pioneer state to a regional superpower, Israel’s image became blurred and progressively negative, while sympathy for the Palestinian cause spread, despite Palestinian terrorism.
By contrast, Spain and Italy are more critical and have moved closer to France.
Given that Europe’s legacies of anti-Semitism and colonialism stand at the origins of the Middle East’s core problems, the EU could have been at least part of the solution.
The conference also featured a panel on an unusual subject – “The American Oil and Gas Bonanza: The Changing Geopolitics of Energy.”
In a nutshell, if gas is exported in liquid form, it is fungible.
No one thought that the European Union’s troubles were resolved, but no one thought that the eurozone was coming apart, either.
As former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton declared in one of her last foreign-policy speeches, the US is not planning to pivot away from Europe to Asia, but rather with Europe to Asia.
In order to do so, the People’s Republic needs much more sophisticated arms than those it possesses today.
How did China and France manage to fool the EU into thinking that it should ever take part in this? When Jacques Chirac’s government decided to expound its economic co-operation with China, arms became an important component in the strategy.
Typically enough, no EU-country has mentioned Taiwan as a reason not to resume arms exports.
Lantos knows about moral compasses: as a boy, he was rescued by Raoul Wallenberg from being deported to Auschwitz by the Nazis in Budapest.
Europe and the Arab Spring
In Tunisia and Egypt, they have demonstrated their resolve by overturning regimes which many in the West saw as guarantors of stability.
These countries must invest more and educate better, which will inevitably be costly.
Today, migration is extremely circumscribed.
PRINCETON – Fiscal unification is often an effective way to enhance creditworthiness, and it may also create a new sense of solidarity among diverse peoples living within a large geographic area.
France latched onto the idea, because its borrowing capacity was also weaker than Britain’s.
Post-1945 West Germany was vulnerable for a long time, because it sat on the Cold War’s fault line.
Because Europe is at peace, with no singular, overriding security threat, it is likely that when the extent of the bargain becomes clear, voters and politicians in the rich creditor countries will reject it.
First of all, it should be recalled that the European idea began as a project for ensuring peace and democracy among Europe’s peoples.
Just how cohesive Europe can be is something that we know from the experience of the past few months.
Following the European Council meeting in June, France and Germany jointly outlined a number of possible reforms.
Indeed, according to Eurostat (the EU’s statistical office), by the second quarter of 2010, the eurozone was growing faster than the US, while the euro remains the second most widely used trading currency.
The Davos World Economic Forum ranks food insecurity as a major risk to humanity.
But Europe cannot build up its own agriculture to the detriment of the less fortunate.
It will also make it possible to ensure that today’s high prices for agricultural products are transformed into opportunity for poor farmers.
Instead, bringing together outside expertise and local knowledge of the geography and environmental and economic constraints in order to spread risks and share the management of resources and projects is far more likely to help poor countries achieve food independence.
To our north, Europe is at a crossroads, undergoing a process of creative destruction, with potentially far-reaching ramifications well beyond the confines of the European Union.
Of course, it is still too early to predict the outcome of the Arab Awakening, and the countries in transition still face daunting challenges.
Instead, they have gotten an inhuman campaign of violence – including attacks by warplanes, helicopters, and tanks – by President Bashar al-Assad’s regime.
On the contrary, this aggression, clearly staged for domestic political consumption, will harm Israel’s long-term security.
Europe and the New World Order
The US has responded to the decline of its global strength in an impressive manner, with the election of its first African-American president, Barack Obama.
For the foreseeable future, the greatest opportunities for growth lie in this region, and for both economic and geopolitical reasons America will increasingly turn toward the Pacific region, thus downgrading its transatlantic orientation.
Europe and the Rising Powers
Defending the national interest still rallies their publics; the exercise of power remains at the heart of their diplomatic calculations.
Indeed, China has been pouring billions of dollars into developing the oil and gas fields of Iraq and Iran.
Moreover, Ukraine’s politics is fracturing.
This requires better relations with all of the world’s rising powers.
The Reform Treaty’s shortcomings are obvious.
The list could continue, but we already have reason enough to conclude that getting the best out of the new Treaty will be the best that the EU and its member states can do.
Europe’s Two Futures
With Russian-backed separatists – and maybe even Russian troops – battling government forces in Ukraine, the specter of war is once again stalking the continent.
Though tensions between China and its neighbors over territorial claims in the East and South China Seas have receded somewhat in recent months, the prospect of worsening Sino-Japanese relations, in particular, remains worrisome.
The so-called “European Neighborhood Policy” has, so far, been a curious thing.
The threats concentrated in the Middle East are diverse: regional conflicts, totalitarian religious ideologies, terrorism, nuclear armament programs, blockades to modernization, unstable regimes and hegemonic ambitions.
The war did not bring forth a real decision.
With its decision in favor of the mission in Lebanon, the EU crossed a military Rubicon.
Why Deflation is Good News for Europe
This deflation is bad, it is argued, because it makes it harder for debtors, especially in the troubled economies of the eurozone's periphery (Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, and Spain), to pay what they owe.
Because wages can increase to a greater extent without fueling inflation, the US Federal Reserve Board might be inclined to delay hiking interest rates, which it is now widely expected to do this summer.
In reality, lower oil prices represent a boon for Europe – especially for its most beleaguered nations.
Today it crawls forward at about 0.5% a year.
Another factor that may be contributing to flat productivity is that many corporations run traditional physical business models parallel to new digital ones.
Fortunately, there is much that can be done.
The question today is whether the EU can respond effectively to major external shocks.
Yet three internal fault lines are making it difficult for the EU to achieve these ends.
But it would be both a blunder and a tragedy were Britons to vote for “Brexit” as a form of protection against tumult on the continent.
His Slovak counterpart, Robert Fico, announced in July that his country would accept only Christian refugees.
Since the November 13 attacks in Paris, security has become the overriding French objective.
Sigmar Gabriel and Emmanuel Macron, the German and French economy ministers, recently called for a common fund to address Europe’s refugee and security challenges and to finance joint policies.
Call it Putinomics in Russia, Órbanomics in Hungary, Erdoğanomics in Turkey, or a decade of Berlusconomics from which Italy is still recovering.
Most of these parties tend to be socially conservative.
Or a British exit from the EU may trigger European dis-integration, with the additional risks posed by the fact that some countries (the UK, Spain, and Belgium) are at risk of breaking up themselves.
Europe’s Poisoned Chalice of Growth
So other factors must be at work.
The ECB has also promised to support other countries’ bond markets in the event of a Greek accident.
Everyone understands that compromise is preferable to the collapse of negotiations, disorderly default, and Greece’s forced exit from the eurozone.
The problem, quite simply, is that many of the underlying conditions that produced the eurozone crisis remain unaddressed.
France does.
Former EU heads of state have also backed a proposal from European Jewish leaders to criminalize in every EU country not just anti-Semitism and genocide-denial, but also "xenophobia" in general.
But inciting violence is banned in the US as well.
It would be useful in the current climate of fear to recall a famous hate-speech case in the US.
Terrorist attacks are doing enough damage, in lives and property. There is no reason for governments to make things worse by tampering with their citizens' liberties.
Yet advanced countries still account for more than 40% of global consumption and resource depletion.
Capitalism has perhaps eroded rents that workers in advanced countries enjoy by virtue of where they were born.
That may be practical, but it certainly is not morally defensible.
The arrival of desperate boat people on Europe’s shores is a symptom of their failure to do so.
Any weakening of these two institutions would cause severe damage to common European interests.
Given the exposure of some euro-zone states such as Austria, this crisis will also affect the euro area directly.
The EU was and is institutionalized compromise, and must remain so now, in the midst of a global economic crisis.
The eurozone as such has no representation in the international financial institutions.
Contrast this current condition of extended misery with the only sensible long-term solution: a pooling of IMF quotas by all eurozone countries.
Until now, the rest of world could only grumble at Europe’s obstinate refusal to recognize its relative decline.
Funding the next intra-eurozone rescue will be rather cumbersome and costly, because financial markets distrust complicated structures like the one set up to finance the EFSF.
To be sure, the US is in an interregnum until the election of a new president.
True, everybody is complaining about America’s speculative bubble, and they are right to do so. But the whole world economy – from China to Germany – benefited for decades from Americans’ debt-driven over-consumption.
For many years, France has called for a European economic government for the euro zone, which Germany has so far rejected, for good reasons: France’s initiative was nothing but a hidden attack against EU members’ annual fiscal-deficit ceiling of 3% of GDP and worse, against the ECB’s independence.
This means not dividing Europe, but forming an active and inclusive avant garde.
Meanwhile, average public debt has soared to 87% of GDP, leaving little space for policy flexibility or innovation.
They warned that, “Absent profound change, in 20 or 30 years the share of Europe [in world output] will be significantly lower than it is today, and, perhaps more important, its political influence will be much trimmed.”
Most striking is European backwardness in high-tech development and innovation.
The rest of the EU should not only follow suit; they should also cut income and payroll taxes and liberalize their labor markets.
The French actions follow changes in Germany, where some recent wage settlements resulted in longer working times.
The next step for France could be unpaid increases in working times.
The lump-of-labor theory assumes that working longer and employing more people is the same thing.
Would there be enough demand to absorb the additional output resulting from increasing the workday? Advocates of the lump-of-labor view say no.
In any case, only the second interpretation is correct.
The report also details the destruction of schools, the post-conflict mental health problems faced by the young, and the imprisonment of children.
As a group of eminent European politicians recently noted, a two-state peace deal could be lost, leaving Israel to face a stark choice: become a non-Jewish democracy or a Jewish non-democracy.
First, Israeli spokesmen accuse Europeans of anti-Semitism – that hateful blot on Europe’s history.
Until that happens, the children – the overwhelming majority of them Palestinian –will continue to suffer.
Does it plan to swallow Ukraine, Belarus, and the Caucasus?
Even if the results on the ground in Africa don’t yet look spectacular to outsiders, the change in attitude is real.
Call this the “paradox of enlargement.”
A divisive transatlantic rivalry offers no ethical or political basis for an enlightened European approach.
At first glance, the results of recent elections in France and England might give the impression that European migration is on the wane as a hot-button issue.
Both Duda and Kukiz complained that too many young Poles were leaving the country, and that their country was becoming an empty land of the elderly – a fact that is obvious to anyone who walks down a Polish street.
इस पृष्ठभूमि में - और पेरिस एवं कोपेनहेगन में आतंकी हमलों से उत्प‍न्न भय को देखते हुए - यूरोपीय संघ, आप्रवास के मुद्दे पर एक नई और अत्यंत महत्वपूर्ण योजना तैयार करने के लिए कमर कस चुका है। इस मुद्दे पर आगे की कार्रवाई हेतु विचार-विमर्श करने के लिए जब यूरोपीय संघ के आयुक्तों की बैठक होगी, तो उन्हें तात्कालिक एवं भावनात्मक समाधानों के प्रलोभन से बचना होगा, और इसके बजाय अपने देश और विदेश दोनों के लिए सचमुच रचनात्मक और व्यापक योजना तैयार करनी होगी।
इसके लिए अधिक बेहतर और सक्रिय नज़रिए की जरूरत है।,इसका तात्कालिक आवश्यक उपाय तो संसाधनों में वृद्धि करना है लेकिन कार्रवाई की दृष्टि से व्यावहारिक यही होगा कि लोगों की जान बचाने के स्पष्ट दिशा-निर्देशों सहित यूरोपीय संघ की ओर से संयुक्त रूप से गहन समुद्री निगरानी प्रक्रिया शुरू की जाए।
New Europe’s Old Ghosts
The same month, up to two million pro-independence Catalans marched through Barcelona, in what may have been the largest demonstration ever seen in Europe.
For its part, Germany exacts austerity as the price of its participation in the single currency.
Now that Putin has made muscle-flexing his main form of diplomacy – not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states, but also in the Balkans and the North Sea – it has fallen to Germany to shape Europe’s response.
This trend was starkly apparent last week during a visit to the Netherlands, one of the six original signatories of the Treaty of Rome.
But in the old Rijksmuseum, no room was required to celebrate that defeat.
But what if that national pride takes hold at a time of deep, even existential, doubt about the value of Europe? While most Europeans understand that their countries cannot address the challenges facing them alone, they are losing faith that Europe is the answer.
A group of farsighted statesmen, inspired by the vision of a United States of Europe, recognized that this ideal could be approached only gradually, by setting limited objectives, mobilizing the political will needed to achieve them, and concluding treaties that required states to surrender only as much sovereignty as they could bear politically.
And, even there, they relied too heavily on self-policing by sovereign states.
This created a two-speed Europe, with debtor countries sinking under the weight of their liabilities, and surplus countries forging ahead.
If this seemingly inexorable process is to be arrested and reversed, both Greece and the eurozone must urgently adopt a Plan B. A Greek default may be inevitable, but it need not be disorderly.
Germany is the new Promised Land for the desperate and downtrodden, the survivors of war and pillage.
The mood in contemporary Germany may be exceptional.
But most people crossing European borders to find work and build new lives are not refugees. When British officials said that it was “clearly disappointing” that about 300,000 more people came to Britain than left in 2014, they were not mainly talking about asylum-seekers.
It is, in any case, easier to appeal to compassion for refugees than to the acceptance of economic migrants. Even in Germany.
But economic migration from non-EU countries, under carefully managed conditions, is both legitimate and imperative.

Europe needs to make up its mind
Related to this is the idea that only a strong EU can save the “European social model.”
Elements of this vision sound attractive.
The demoi-crats win support because their vision tends to reinforce the status quo and leaves nearly all options open.
In just the first few months of 2015, more than 38,000 people have attempted to reach Europe by crossing the Mediterranean from North Africa.
The International Organization for Migration, together with Italy’s navy, has determined that this year’s migrants hail mainly from Eritrea, Gambia, Nigeria, Somalia, and Syria ‒ countries where conditions entitle their citizens to request asylum.
Indeed, many European countries have accepted very few refugees so far, making their inaction even more difficult to comprehend.
To retain its moral and political authority, the European Union – perhaps the most compelling example of how cooperation can support peace and prosperity – must implicate itself beyond its frontiers in a sincere and determined way, reaching mutually beneficial agreements with its southern neighbors.
Although some Americans always like to boast about their superior work ethic, this disparity in working hours between the US and Europe has not always existed.
The importance of vacation time should come as no surprise to anyone who has experienced Europe's deserted cities in August, the three-week vacation "bridges" in April and May in France and Italy, the "rush hours" that take place every Friday at 2 PM in German cities, and crowded ski slopes in February due to winter school vacations.
For the age group over 50, the structure of pension systems is clearly a major factor. It was and remains much more profitable to retire earlier in Europe than in the US.
Europeans certainly need something to compensate for a short working life with many vacations.
The euro’s survival and, indeed, that of the European Union hang in the balance.
But Europe doesn’t have months, much less years, to resolve its crisis.
The second urgent task is to create breathing space for Greece.
Those who have spoken of a Marshall Plan for Greece can put their money where their mouths are.
If these three urgent tasks are completed, there will be plenty of time – and much time will be needed – to contemplate radical changes like new budgetary rules, harmonization of other national policies, and a move to full fiscal union.
American Express and Daimler are matching their employees’ donations, Western Union is offering ten cents per transaction made by consumers in the European Union, and Norwegian Air has raised money through inflight collections.
But the current crisis also has an economic component: in many cases, it represents a business opportunity, as new arrivals offer their talents and knowledge to forward-thinking firms.
Local spikes in unemployment, temporary pressure on education and health services, incidents of criminality, and hints of radicalization could spark a backlash in the media and among shareholders.
The real challenge in Europe is continued stagnation and rising public-sector fiscal pressures in bloated welfare states with rapidly aging populations.
High taxes and burdensome regulations stifle the labor market and potential new businesses.
Finally, Europe faces a severe governance deficit.
Meanwhile, Europe's zombie banks will have to be rapidly resolved by acquisition or temporary takeover, cleanup, and asset sale, as was done by the Resolution Trust Corporation during the US savings and loan crisis in the 1980s.
LONDON – In 2014, more than 190,000 people risked their lives crossing the Mediterranean Sea from North Africa to Europe.
Efforts to discourage refugees from arriving have not diminished the number of people who are granted asylum in Europe; they have merely made the process of being granted refugee status more random and dangerous.
There is no reason that something similar cannot be done for those fleeing violence and persecution today.
LONDON – The death toll resulting from Europe’s paralysis in responding to the influx of refugees from the Middle East and Africa continues to rise.
So, regardless of what European leaders decide at their latest summit, it is past time for the international community to act in support of the world’s refugees and others who have been forcibly displaced.
Resettlement via “private sponsorship” – whereby individuals, communities, and NGOs take responsibility for families – is stymied only by governments’ failure to set up systems to vet and match refugees with sponsors.
Over time, countries could also establish procedures enabling asylum-seekers to apply more easily for labor, student, or family reunification visas.
And Turkish-American Hamdi Ulukaya, founder of Chobani yogurt, has pledged $700 million to support refugees.
In a speech in Königsberg that March, he jeered, “I can only hope and expect that the other world which has felt such deep sympathy for these criminals will be generous enough to transform this pity into practical aid. As far as I am concerned we are ready to place our luxury ships at the disposal of these countries for the transportation of these criminals.”
Many of the countries that refused to take in suffering refugees were themselves, in due course, occupied and brutalized by the Nazis – and desperate for the compassion that they denied the Jews in July 1938.
François Crépeau, the United Nations special rapporteur on the human rights of migrants, observed in a recent interview that Europe, Australia, and Canada could easily resettle one million Syrian refugees over the next five years, and they could add Eritreans to that list and extend this policy to seven years.
Instead, Europe has preferred to search for scapegoats – and Greece is the latest to be targeted for blame.
That means operating beyond Europe’s borders, as, from the donors’ perspective, it is much less disruptive and expensive to maintain asylum-seekers close to their present locations.
Indeed, the EU should establish or expand programs that allow entry to non-asylum-seekers.
The EU should establish a single European Border Guard and a single Asylum and Migration Agency.
Depression’s Advocates
Instead, Greece’s creditors chose to tighten the screws.
In May 2010, Greece’s GDP had fallen by 4% year on year.
Such reforms are needed to boost long-term growth, the thinking goes, and if that growth does not rapidly emerge, it is because the need for them was even greater than originally thought.
Implementation of the proposed reforms is lagging; there may be legal challenges to the European Stability Mechanism in Germany; and the Netherlands and Finland seem to be backtracking on some parts of the agreement.
Broadly speaking, capital inflows led to real revaluation and a lower domestic savings rate relative to investment in the southern countries, resulting in structural current-account deficits.
The ECB’s provision of liquidity can buy time, but only real adjustment can cure the underlying problem.
High public-debt levels would still have to be reduced to create fiscal space and keep interest rates low enough to restore long-term confidence.
BRUSSELS – Following the escalation of the euro crisis and decisions taken at the European Union’s last summit, especially EU leaders’ commitment to embark on the road “Towards a Genuine Economic and Monetary Union,” it is high time to ask what comes next.
The EU’s leaders have asked Herman Van Rompuy, the president of the European Council, to develop, in close collaboration with the presidents of the European Commission, the Eurogroup, and the European Central Bank, a road map to achieve a “Genuine Economic and Monetary Union.”
But it is a risk that must be taken.
But it is probably the only way to keep Europe moving forward.
Where the right is in opposition, such as in Spain and Portugal, it has improved its position.
But those worried about the rise of extremism in Europe should take some heart from the fact that there are many differences of views between these parties.
These new chasms might be the most important long term outcome of the European Parliament elections.
But a proactive, strong Europe capable of determining its own fate will not be in the cards for quite some time.
2) The EU will stagnate.
In the future, close cooperation between Germany and France will more than ever form the old and new center of gravity in a blocked EU.
This formula worked with the Monetary Union.
As the rescue is taking place, the vessel finds that it must also rescue two other, larger boats.
The ECB has already purchased almost a €100 billion of peripheral government bonds, and it is committed to buying a lot more.
Without these other agencies’ help, the ECB’s unprecedented actions will end up being a bridge to nowhere.
Although the endgame is close, it is impossible to predict which alternative will prevail.
This chart shows increasing divergences over the last ten years, with the countries now facing difficulties (Greece, Portugal, and Spain) having lost competitiveness by around 20% relative to Germany.
The adjustment might come about through wage increases in countries with lower labor costs, rather than cuts in countries where costs are too high.
Some of the countries that achieved the highest growth in labor productivity also lost the most competitiveness (e.g. Ireland).
The sharp fiscal retrenchment that has now started throughout southern Europe should contribute further to a sharp deceleration, if not outright fall, in domestic demand there.
Europe’s Conscience Police
Nor did I did introduce the issue of homosexuality into the debate over my appointment.
Indeed, the committee entered in the sphere of moral conscience by stating that anyone who does not adhere to a positive moral evaluation of homosexuality is unfit to serve as a European commissioner.
That implication is intolerable, and it will progressively weaken and divide the EU through a type of semi-official hostility to religious faith.
Russia today openly lays claim to a sphere of interest in its borderlands – in direct contradiction to commitments made under the Helsinki process.
There is no stable solution in sight for Abkhazia and South Ossetia.
Regardless of whether Georgians like or dislike Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvilli, they want to go West, too.
But we need to do so knowing what our strategy is on this key issue.
True, the French had neither the Olympic Games nor a royal celebration this year; but, when it comes to the state of their economies, the two countries are largely in the same boat.
It is perceived as a model of “civility.”
It also remains a model of reconciliation in which people can continue to dream, despite unacceptably high levels of unemployment, particularly among the young.
Critical negotiations between the NCP in the North and the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement in the South on issues that divide the North and South have stalled.
Commitments regarding increased debt relief, further normalization of relations, and additional aid and investment are possible incentives that European states could put on the table, particularly in the hard push before January 9.
CHISINAU – Three floors of Moldova’s parliament building are a charred ruin.
President Vladimir Voronin later granted the detainees amnesty.
The United States should do more to help bring stability to Moldova.
Moldova is more dependent on the EU than any other former Soviet republic.
At first it was the European Commission that drew criticism for its slowness in making proposals to rally national governments and their policymakers.
The challenge now is for the presidency and the Commission to give fresh political impetus to the EU’s stalled reform drive.
Europe’s increasingly gloomy prospects make these reforms more necessary than ever.
But the main driver is culture, not economics.
A language is not just a systematic means of communicating. It is a sign of identity, culture, and national pride.
But Europe is still far from that point: after more than 60 years of economic integration, a truly European people, with its own identity and language, has yet to emerge.
Europe’s Dangerous Banalities
But the price that was supposedly paid by the Palestinians touched another neuralgic lobe in the European mind.
Moreover, Israel is painfully aware of the many legitimate interests that Europe has in the region.
When the choice alighted on Barack Obama three years ago, the Norwegian Nobel Committee was criticized for honoring someone whose achievements were still to come.
Europe must break the vicious circle linking distressed sovereign borrowers with banks that are obliged, or at least encouraged, to buy their bonds, which in turn provide the funding for bank rescues.
There will also be potentially dangerous consequences for the ECB itself.
The Commission is trying to find ways to protect the rights of the non-eurozone countries.
SÃO PAULO – In a heroic case of finding a silver lining in the bleakest of all situations, the European Union climate commissioner has concluded that the global economic crisis and recession actually provided a lucky break for everyone.
Unfortunately, Europe has done no such thing; if anything, R&amp;D spending has actually declined slightly since then.
Nonetheless, Europe has continued to pursue its quixotic course, even without a global treaty on reducing carbon emissions.
In trying to decipher Asia’s diplomatic future, Europeans are confronted, so to speak, with an “embarrassment of riches.”
The only exception to this, of course, would be a declaration of independence from Taiwan, which the Chinese would consider a casus belli.
In reality, what may threaten the stability of the region, and above all that of China, is not an excess of Chinese ambitions or a failure to democratize, but the Chinese regime’s inability to establish the rule of law.
Without its gradual imposition, an Asian Union could at best remain only a pale and hollow copy of its European model.

It could, for example, provoke the Israelis to dig in their heels, on the grounds that it is part of an effort to delegitimize the Zionist cause.
But these sound reasons for supporting Palestine’s bid probably will not prevent the EU from delivering a split vote, the reverberations of which will not only echo throughout the Arab world, inviting accusations of hypocrisy, but will also hinder European efforts to reset relations with countries in the Middle East and North Africa.
Europe’s leaders now agree on a vision of what the EU should become: an economic and monetary union complemented by a banking union, a fiscal union, and a political union.
Vision aplenty.
The other view is that to proceed with the new policies before the new institutions are in place would be reckless.
At the slight risk of overgeneralization, one can say that the first camp was made up mainly of northern Europeans, while the second was dominated by the south.
Europe thus finds itself in a familiar bind.
And, after the recent EU summit agreed on an “ultima ratio” rescue plan for eurozone countries facing the danger of default, chances are high that it will not materialize.
Despite this bleak picture, Prime Minister George Papandreou’s Socialist government still enjoys support.
Others might follow the Greek example and go into the streets, not out of solidarity but out of frustration with conditions in their home country.
Distrust between EU countries seems widespread.
Of course, in 1950 the Cold War was raging and recovery from World War II concentrated European minds.
At least, this is the way things were and should be.
We embraced each other under the blue flag with its 12 yellow stars.
But they desperately need a new narrative.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel initially proposed the “transfer union,” in which Germany and other strong eurozone economies would transfer funds year after year to Greece and other needy countries, in exchange for the authority to regulate and supervise the recipient countries’ budgets and tax collections.
Although failure to comply would in principle lead to automatic financial penalties, it is difficult to imagine how such failure could be determined in a country like Spain.
During the single currency’s first decade, private investors’ belief in the equality of all eurozone sovereign bonds kept interest rates low in the peripheral countries, even as their governments ran up large deficits and accumulated massive debt.
And it is not an abstract, undefined fear: it is above all the fear of the non-European “other,” perceived by a growing numbers of “white” Europeans as a threat to our European identities and ways of life, if not our physical security and jobs.
Globalization, and the frustration accompanying it, is leading many to a jittery search for self-worth.
By launching a national debate on the issue of identity, Sarkozy risks creating unnecessary boundaries between French citizens – at the wrong time and for the wrong reasons.
BRUSSELS – It is an old debate, but tensions within the euro area have revived it: can a monetary union survive without some form of fiscal federalism?
This was clearly true in the case of the stimulus program launched in 2009, which included federal transfers to the states to sustain state-level fiscal spending. Similarly, when a state such as Michigan is hit by recession in its key economic sector (the auto industry), Washington collects less federal tax but maintains – if not increases – local spending, which partially offsets the shock to state income.
These transfers are significant for poor countries: about €300 per person for Greece and Portugal every year from 2000 to 2006.
But the uproar caused by these decisions reinforces, rather than dispels, doubts.
This may make skeptics the very people European policymakers wanted to convince.
Similarly, European security and intelligence services have pooled resources in a common center for threat analysis in Brussels.
Reducing the risk of terrorists obtaining weapons of mass destruction equally requires stronger international cooperation.
Javier Solana, the EU High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy, will continue to press for results.
Ultimately, the values of liberty and justice are our best defense.
If there is $120 of collateral guaranteeing a $100 bond, the bond is safer, no doubt.
The CDO market, however, was concentrated: six or seven issuers controlled most of the market, and this market ended up representing 50% of the entire revenues to be gained through ratings.
How can a bond guaranteed in large part by countries such as Italy and Spain (likely candidates for a fiscal crisis) provide AAA status to Irish bonds?
Independent of this test, however, Germany seems to have squared the circle: it helped the countries in trouble, without coughing up (for the moment) any euros.
In August 2007, the decision by BNP Paribas to close two of its hedge funds exposed to the subprime sector precipitated a liquidity crisis for all European banks during that summer.
Portugal made a sprint towards the front, but is now falling back a little, with Spain and Italy moving up.
Of course, the can is not in the road; it is in the banking parlors. EU banks are holding sovereign debt that clearly is not worth 100 cents on the euro.
Will it be possible for them to rollover their market funding in these circumstances? Already, the Greeks and the other countries subject to special measures have been shut out of the wholesale markets, and are reliant almost entirely on the European Central Bank.
Europe’s Free Riders
To head off this possibility, the EU created the Stability and Growth Pact: government deficits had to be less than 3% of GDP.
Willem Buiter of the University of Amsterdam and Anne Sibert of the University of London believe that it is the ECB’s willingness to, in effect, accept all euro-zone debt as collateral that has undermined the market’s willingness to be an enforcer of fiscal prudence.
And now, Buiter and Sibert argue convincingly, the ECB is giving the market less scope to reward the thrifty and penalize the profligate than it should.
Many Roma are sent to special schools even though they show no sign of mental disability.
The shooting, by automatic weapon fire, took place in broad daylight in a largely Roma neighborhood, where the grandmother of one of the victims lived.
In 2000, the EU’s executive arm – responding in part to the growing popularity of anti-immigrant and neo-Nazi political parties – enacted the most far-reaching anti-discrimination legislation in the world.
Europe’s High-Risk Gamble
That’s why the interest rate on Greek three-year government debt recently soared past 100% and the yield on ten-year bonds is 22%, implying that a €100 principal payable in ten years is worth less than €14 today.
That could cause their interest rates to spike upward and their national debts to rise rapidly, thus making them effectively insolvent.
Portugal might follow Greece in a sovereign default and in leaving the eurozone.
BERKELEY – The last few weeks have been the most amazing – and important – period of the euro’s 11-year existence.
Those forecasting the demise of the euro were wrong because they misunderstood the politics.
It has an excellent central bank. But it lacks the other elements of a proper monetary union.
Instead, Europe will have to rely on wage flexibility to enhance the competitiveness of its depressed regions.
Emergencies should not be dealt with on an ad hoc basis by 27 finance ministers frantic to reach a solution before the Asian markets open.
Europe\u0027s House Divided
Europe, once the continent of power clashes and balances, became a community of law where big and small follow common rules to reach common decisions.
To save it, the bigger ones will indeed have to take the lead.
Bringing in Britain is an admission of that fact.
The standard way to buffer the effects of austerity is to marry domestic cuts to devaluation of the currency.
So, if internal devaluation is to work, the value of debts, where they already represent a heavy burden, must be reduced.
But internal devaluation requires debt restructuring.
When Latin American debt was restructured in the 1980’s under the Brady Plan, these “sweeteners” were provided by the United States Treasury.
All of this requires leadership.
The Lisbon Agenda turned out to be a joke.
That doctrine of hard discipline was abolished in a coup in May 2010, when it was claimed that the world would collapse unless Germany opened its purse.
A year ago, it vowed to stop accepting BBB- rated government securities as collateral for its monetary operations.
But politicians are averse to academic advice. All too often, they prefer bad jokes – until the last laugh is on them.
That is why France recently received an Algerian ex-detainee.
Therefore, the review of detention, trial, transfer, and interrogation policies is of utmost importance.
In many EU member states, criminal law has been strengthened and is being used to prevent attacks.
Faced with a country whose leader is bent on acquiring nuclear weapons, the EU’s leaders are simply dithering, fearing that the fire next door in Iraq could somehow spread.
MAD simply won’t work for a mad man who is guided by quasi-messianic certitude.
As an organ of the EU, the EIB should be pursuing an ethical investment policy.
Despite repression, Iran’s civil society is well developed and sophisticated.
When the euro was created, its architects were well aware that no monetary union in history had succeeded without the backing of a political union.
Most, indeed, implicitly assume a massive transfer of almost all functions of government from member states to the federal center, and thus the creation of a “European superstate.”
It would be well worth it: a critical mass of €600-700 billion would make macroeconomic stabilization and re-distribution possible when necessary, without the establishment of ad hoc mechanisms or, worse, the publicity and attention surrounding summit after summit called to decide the next package of aid to financially distressed countries.
In this sense, the looming prospect of a full-blown Italian debt crisis could prove beneficial by focusing European minds.
The first step towards a narrative capable of replacing earlier rallying cries like “no more war” and “a single market and a single currency” is to set out Europe’s interests.
That is not good enough.
It may be that the coming years will somehow see solutions to the EU’s lost competitiveness, poor innovation, shrinking manufacturing, inadequate education, and growing labor shortages.
But there is little sign of governments taking advantage of this opportunity.
The introduction of the euro by a number of them – Estonia is likely to follow shortly – has also been a remarkable success story.
Economic success or failure in the decade up to 2020 will be another critical element in whether we are seen as a model or as a museum.
That is why it truly has the potential to be a model not only for its own region, but also globally.
And, with Israeli jet fighters still controlling the airspace, Egypt’s capital and its major population centers were greatly exposed.
European citizens – particularly in peripheral economies such as Greece, Portugal, and Spain – are anxious.
Europe’s economic peace remains elusive for a simple reason: governments have still not found a way to generate the trifecta of growth, employment, and financial stability.
Indeed, this is one of the factors that contributed to Moody’s decision – following Standard &amp; Poor’s – to strip France of its AAA credit rating.
Like Egypt’s war of attrition, the eurozone’s underlying economic, financial, and social ferment continues.
Under both systems, those who accept responsibility to take military action also take on the lion’s share of the financial burden.
For NATO to work properly, its members must be prepared not only to supply troops and equipment for NATO-led military operations, but also to fund and sustain these operations until missions are completed.
Yet fixing the problem is easier said than done.
But, apart from the common costs of an operation (usually less than 8% of the total), the ESDP uses the same funding method as NATO, which means that the bulk of the money for both ESDP and NATO-led military operations comes out of the same defense pot in each member state.
Europe’s Misguided “Growth Pessimists”
But European inflation is growing at approximately the same rate.
The German Chancellor has been lucky.
Premature inflationary pressures are a prime reason that both ECB presidents, the late Wim Duisenberg and now Jean-Claude Trichet, have consistently pressed for structural reform in their press conferences and speeches.
Today, however, the eurozone’s attention has shifted to growth.
But the real question is: what can Europe do to create growth? The honest answer is: rather little.
In fact, more infrastructure investment would actually make most sense in Germany, where infrastructure spending has been anemic (only 1.6 % of GDP, or half the rate of Spain) for almost a decade.
Deep service-sector reforms in Germany would also help to unlock the country’s productivity potential and open its market to services exports from southern Europe.
East Asia’s regional powers operate almost without any multilateral framework, a state of affairs comparable to that of Europe toward the end of the nineteenth century.
At the center of this policy is Ukraine, the linchpin of Europe’s post-Soviet order.
Otherwise, both sides will find themselves among the losers.
THE HAGUE – European heads of state, energy ministers, and the European Union are actively debating climate and energy policy at a series of summits in the coming weeks.
Creative destruction, the process of innovation described by the economist Joseph Schumpeter, will be at work.
Furthermore, a 30% reduction by 2020 is well within reach, as a 17.3% reduction against the 1990 baseline was already achieved by 2009;
But if it is so easy, why is it not getting done? A firmer commitment to energy efficiency, particularly the rollout of large-scale programs to retrofit the existing building stock, would create large numbers of jobs, expand the market for energy-efficiency products and technologies, and reduce energy demand;
But, beyond the celebrations of the most recent enlargement round and preparations for the next one, it is time to ask what effect the enlarged EU will have on world affairs?
In 1945, the Germans and the French liked each other about as much as Serbs and Bosnians do today.
The other element of historic significance is the unified internal market of the extended European Union.
The historical and strategic sensibilities of all the countries assembled in the new Europe are so different that they cannot have a common foreign policy.
The formal end of America's occupation of Iraq, with sovereignty transferred to an Iraqi government, provides Europe with a chance to play a serious role in determining the future of that vital nation.
Those who believe that "preventive" war is the worst possible medicine should show that there has always been an alternative based on the principles and regional options that led them to oppose the military intervention in Iraq. That intervention exemplifies the failure of the "wounded beast" theory of diplomacy, according to which the US could do anything after the terrorist attacks of 2001, with the ends justifying the means.
Only this will ensure the support of the main Iraqi political forces.
Finally, as stated repeatedly since the start of the war, there can be no success in Iraq without a strong Israeli-Palestinian peace initiative.
This form of political racketeering may win elections, but it sabotages any opportunity to experience, or to perceive, politics as a process that can contribute to global development.
Further EU enlargement is undoubtedly in Turkey’s interest, and in Europe’s, too.
Indeed, he may not even object to ruining the EU’s entire legislative engine by granting national parliaments a veto.
The costs of default depend on how messy things become when payments stop. What are the legal difficulties?
For example, Greece’s debt stock, including required bridge financing under the IMF program, should peak at around 150% of GNP in 2014; much of this debt is external. If a country can support debt totaling 80% of GNP (a rough but reasonable rule of thumb), then we need approximately 50% “haircuts” on this existing and forthcoming debt (reducing it to 75% of its nominal value).
Spain’s financial exposure to Portugal and its housing-led recession don’t help matters.
So the ECB should decide which countries are inherently solvent, and then protect them against a liquidity squeeze with new, scaled-up interventions that do target interest rates.
Defense cuts are also happening at a time when Europe, for the first time in modern history, has been overtaken by Asia in terms of total defense spending.
Greater “burden-sharing” was a rote American demand.
Still, French-British cooperation if it does take on real substance could be an inspiration to others, though the challenges to making the agreement viable are formidable.
Europeans may have to embrace new modes of cooperation among their national armed forces in order to put them to effective use.
These banks’ potentially troubled assets include, of course, bonds issued by Greece, Ireland, Portugal, and other eurozone countries whose fiscal prospects are now being marked down by financial markets – but that until recently were regarded as “zero risk” by the relevant authorities.
To be sure, the European Central Bank could cut interest rates further (widening the gap between banks’ borrowing costs and what they charge for loans is a classic way to help them earn profits and recapitalize themselves).
Equity capital will increase relative to assets – but, under current policies, it will increase because banks reduce their assets, not because they raise capital.
But after inflation succumbed, unemployment did not fall – or not by much.
Of course, these fears are accompanied by the hope that structural reforms and monetary expansion work in harmony, boosting employment and output without raising inflation by much.
I think that Germany would be better off in a decade under more neo-liberal policies.
The ECB should not try to balance inflation in the south and east with deflation in the north in order to hit artificial continent-wide targets.
This pattern began at the start of the 'European project' over half a century ago.
Indeed, even under the Constitutional Treaty, all states know that their partners have the express right to withdraw if they should ever become sufficiently disenchanted or come to look upon the EU as a bad bargain.
After the Treaty is signed, it will go before the national parliaments for approval.
The EU's objectives are precisely those that countries are unable to achieve on their own, for example, a stronger economy and greater security.
Many people despair of finding their way through the maze of current EU treaties and their numerous amendments.
The Treaty introduces major improvements here, enabling us to work together more effectively to achieve our aims.
Peace, security, and prosperity are as vulnerable as they are valuable. This Treaty makes them stronger.
Part of the confusion lies in Putin’s skillful political positioning.
In the Caucasus and Central Asia, the Kremlin has effectively shut the EU out of regions where it has an interest in promoting political reform, resolving conflicts, and forging energy partnerships.
The first approach risks giving Russia easy access to all the benefits of cooperation with the EU, without insisting that Russia abide by stable rules.
So long as the EU continues to sway between integration and containment, it will continue to appear to the Kremlin as weak and directionless.
The Treaties of Maastricht (1992) and Amsterdam (1997) created a new organizational structure for the EU and laid the foundations for political institutions equal to Europe’s economic power.
Europe is a peculiar combination of geography and history, but the EU’s boundaries – and thus the prospects for its further enlargement – are determined as much by its capacity to integrate candidate countries as by these countries’ own adaptive abilities.
Such questions could be the topic of a consultative referendum held simultaneously in all member states.
Europe’s Next Steps
But even if America has lost some of its attractive “soft power,” Europe’s post-industrial publics are not willing to pay the price – a doubling or tripling of defense spending as a share of GDP – to invest in the military power that would be required to balance its hard power.
This hardly fits the description of a uni-polar world.
The loss of soft power implied by rejection of further enlargement would be a setback for Europe, the Balkans, and international stability.
Such a practical, effective EU may not reach the lofty rhetorical aspirations beloved by politicians, but it will not be moribund.
But it is impossible to escape the feeling that Western Europeans and the Americans were eager to exchange their strategic Cold War perspective for one focused narrowly on trade and commerce.
However, this division was far from absolute, and in the nineteenth century, Western Europe, Central Europe, and Russia were closely linked as a united cultural and economic space, which grew and developed despite religious diversity and political upheavals.
Human rights, openness, and democratic values should be genuinely shared as a means to achieve a true partnership.
Scandinavian capitalism has been traditionally more humane, and social injustice, though it exists, is much less destructive than in southern Europe, for example.
Scandinavian countries have their share of problems, such as Denmark’s significant xenophobic extreme right and Norway’s occasional bouts of provincial puritanism.
In China, capitalism prospers without democracy.
There is more rigor and openness under the Northern Lights, and this is precisely the combination we need, with its mixture of modesty towards others and ambition towards ourselves.
Unless something very wrong happens, a new cold war is not about to start.
I thank you for it. But now I do not need your symbolic votes; I need your concrete support.
Paradoxically, too, the “greening” of America – an America that discovers late but with passion its responsibility for the planet’s survival – may lead to a competitive transatlantic race for first prize in ecological good behavior.
One country’s failures can threaten the entire European economy, and can call into question the fruits of 60 years of integration.
The growth pact can be properly financed by new sources of revenue, such as a financial-transaction tax and joint project bonds for infrastructure investment, or by curbing tax evasion and tax fraud and eliminating tax havens, as well as by more efficient and intelligent use of structural funds.
Our responsibility here is twofold: to put growth back on track, but also to respond immediately to the human tragedy that has hit our youth.
The EU budget is an investment vehicle that boosts economic growth and creates jobs.
Europe can still emerge stronger from its current economic woes.&nbsp;The EU is changing direction at last, and Europe’s leaders will find an energetic partner in the European Parliament.
The number of seats won by the socialists and centre-right parties is likely to influence the make-up of the next European Commission – and thus the EU’s political agenda until 2014.
Unfortunately, however, the European Parliament is fairly inept at selling itself to public opinion.
Europe’s Power to Lead
The picture for Europe, however, is not as bleak as pessimists assume.
On this board, power is chaotically distributed among non-state actors, and it makes no sense to call this world either uni-polar or multipolar.
Unlike India, China has not solved the problem of political participation.
More open trade, economic growth, education, development of civil society institutions, and gradual increases in political participation might help strengthen the mainstream over time, as could the way Muslims are treated in Europe and the US. Equally important will be whether Western policies toward the Middle East satisfy mainstream Muslims or reinforce the radicals’ narrative of a war against Islam.
The vast majority of us live in Third World conditions – denied access to adequate housing, health care, and education.
Education is the only way out of the ghetto for many Roma.
The government allowed employment discrimination to go unchecked, leaving the majority of Roma without jobs, and communities were plunged deeper into poverty.
This is not a unique situation.
The Court’s decision allows this brutal and systematic violation of fundamental rights to continue.
Europe has capitalized on globalization to consolidate its position as the world’s major economy and trader.
The economic crisis has made progress in the negotiations of the Doha Development Agenda in the World Trade Organization even more important.
The EU has multilateralism in its DNA.
The EU is facing up to its responsibilities as a major source of past emissions.
The Lisbon Treaty allows us to achieve a greater coherence and gives us a much greater capacity to act.
The most obvious and imminent flashpoint is Kosovo.
This owes much to the humiliations that Russia suffered when the end of communism forced its economy to its knees, and to Western short-sightedness about Russia’s fundamental strengths and resilience.
Russian leaders may have misinterpreted as a sign of weakness Europe’s representation at last month’s EU-Russia summit by two Portuguese politicians – European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso and Prime Minister Jose Socrates, whose government currently holds the revolving EU presidency.
What the EU learned from the subsequent four years of Balkan disasters under its management is now being tested by another major turning point and potential crisis – when and how Kosovo is to become independent.
He has strengthened the position of many in Europe and elsewhere who are skeptical of challenging a country’s territorial integrity or who still claim to believe in a negotiated settlement.
Realizing Ahtisaari’s proposal will depend on EU solidarity and persistence, coupled with strong American support, to manage the vicissitudes of UN debate, lobby skeptical non-permanent Security Council members, such as Indonesia and South Africa, and persuade Russia to abstain rather than exercise its veto.
The Maastricht Treaty established a monetary union, but the political union that is an indispensable precondition for the common currency’s success remained a mere promise.
Today, Europe – or, more precisely, the eurozone – faces an almost identical situation, except that the historical conditions for further integration are much more complex and difficult than they were in post-independence America.
Indeed, the crisis is beginning to erode the very foundations – the Franco-German and transatlantic partnerships – of a post-war European order that has ensured a period of peace and prosperity without precedent in the history of the continent.
While this rivalry will have a military component, as evidenced by China’s enormous military buildup, it will manifest itself primarily in terms of economic, political, and normative spheres of influence.
Repairing them requires nothing less than pressing ahead, at long last, toward a strong, united Europe.
Indeed, the recession will worsen throughout this year, for many reasons.
Elections in Greece – where the recession is turning into a depression – may give 40-50% of the popular vote to parties that favor immediate default and exit from the eurozone.
That is why interest-rate spreads in the eurozone periphery are widening again now.
But those “no” votes have obscured the fact that 18 of the EU’s 27 member states have ratified the treaty.
It is also obvious that member states cannot solve these problems alone, but only through coordinated EU action and common policies. But to achieve these results, and thereby convince our citizens of the EU’s value, Europe’s decision-making capacity must be strengthened and democratized.
It is no exaggeration to say that a large majority of member states and their citizens has already expressed its wish for this vision of the EU by voting for the Constitutional Treaty.
By all means, let us try to preserve the solidarity of all 27 EU states.
The specter of a full-blown crisis was starting to haunt markets.
Issuing Eurobonds would mean replacing the current eurozone strategy of “every man for himself” with one based on the principle “all for one and one for all,” which would enable joint borrowing by euro countries.
In the short term, bolstering European governance by appointing EU President Hermann Van Rompuy as a permanent chairman of the eurozone conveys a signal about the zone’s cohesion that is designed to calm markets and support the strategy adopted on July 21.
What we can say with certainty is that Draghi’s remarks and the reaction they evoked demonstrate that the fundamental problems of the eurozone are not primarily financial or economic; they are political, psychological, and institutional.
The limitations of this approach have now been revealed.
My impression is that German public and political opinion is beginning to recognize the economic devastation for Europe and Germany implied by a euro breakup.
“Nein” merely brings calamity closer.
In June, a NATO summit will discuss prospects for Ukraine's entry into the alliance.
The parliamentary victory of the opposition also forced the reluctant authorities to declare Ukraine's readiness to enter NATO and the EU.
Since then, it has participated in UN and NATO peace missions, and it has settled its borders with all its neighbors.
But this should not make us lose sight of other challenges.
Europe is aging and will lose 20 million people by 2030, while the southern Mediterranean has a dynamic young population that desperately needs job opportunities.
At the same time, jobs mobility should replace unwanted migration.
Asia revolves around ASEAN, and the Americas around NAFTA and Mercosur. Europe, too, needs to help organize a large hemispheric region.
But the tough question that has to be asked is whether the crisis could lead to the unraveling of European integration.
On the contrary, it should finalize further enlargement: the economic crisis has clearly demonstrated that the EU cannot afford black holes on the map of Europe.
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development therefore encourages all new EU member states that have not yet started doing so to draft credible and convincing plans for euro-zone admission.
This has created jobs in central and eastern Europe, while boosting prosperity in the older member states.
There is, of course, a little provocation and a lot of irony in these remarks.
This disinterest in Europe is not recent, but it has deepened over recent years.
From Libya to Mali, France and Britain are largely seen as the extended arm of an America that is increasingly reticent to commit its own troops – or even weapons. Similarly, for the US government, as for China’s leaders, Germany has become Europe’s key economic actor.
In the immediate aftermath of Snowden’s revelations, the French satirical newspaper Le Canard Enchaîné ran a headline that said: “For once, Obama is interested in what we are saying.”
Indeed, lending to governments and banks in the European periphery represents the European equivalent of subprime lending in the US (which was also concentrated in a few sunshine states).
This is equivalent to $700 billion, the same magnitude as the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) instituted in late 2008 to keep US financial markets from collapsing.
By contrast, European authorities refuse to test the scenario that the market currently fears most: losses on loans to banks and governments on Europe’s periphery.
But this should compel a strong recapitalization program – not weak stress tests.
Friedman and Schwartz are generally seen as reproving the Fed for failing to react swiftly to successive waves of bank failures, first in late 1930 and then again in 1931 and 1933.
It could agree to swift bank recapitalization, a banking license for the European Stability Mechanism, and a more expansionary ECB policy.
Hamilton made the case that the federal government should assume responsibility for their liabilities stemming from the costs of financing the war.
Europe is dangerously close to its financial Sarajevo.
So far, nearly 400,000 people have filled refugee camps in Tunisia and Egypt, and an estimated 20,000 have reached Italy’s shores.
Policies that help train the next generation of North Africans, and allow them to circulate more freely between Europe and their home countries, are a much smarter solution than the current approach, which sustains illegal migration without meeting Europe's labor needs. This is an argument not for more migration, but for better migration – well thought out and planned.
Responding to the challenges and opportunities of this moment demands the creation of strong partnerships among states, international institutions, and non-governmental actors.
WASHINGTON, DC – Today, the European project is shaking.
The EU has created a channel of communication with Turkey on political matters.
I believe that Putin understands this, which is an important fact for future diplomacy.
I was involved in the negotiations that helped to bring about a peaceful resolution of the Orange Revolution of 2004-2005.
Today’s crisis started in rich industrial countries – not only with sub-prime mortgages in the United States, but also with mismanagement of banks and public debt in Europe.
In August 1982, Mexico shocked the world by declaring that it was unable to service its debt.
It involved a combination of three elements: immediate international assistance, through the International Monetary Fund; severe domestic retrenchment, enforced by the highly unpopular conditionality of IMF programs; and additional financing provided by the banks.
The Franco-German initiative unveiled at Deauville in early November, which would require some possible measure of restructuring for debt issued after 2013, tried to avoid the immediate shock of a haircut.
Severe economic distress and political pressure are buffeting relationships among citizens, sovereign states, and supranational institutions such as the European Central Bank.
Disagreement among and between heads of state and the ECB over the Bank’s purchases of distressed sovereign debt have only added to the uncertainty.
But the banks are profitable ongoing enterprises in the current low-interest-rate environment, because they typically engage in short-term borrowing and longer-term lending at higher rates, with leverage.
Scaled to today’s economy, assets worth $1.25 trillion were sold off, with 80% of the value recovered.
BERKELEY – Europe is now moving ineluctably toward a bailout for Greece. There will be emergency financing.
Portugal and Italy are little better.
This heightens uncertainty.
People would understand that he was acting in the interest of the state as well as the country.
They oppose anything that smacks of European political integration.
The Greek crisis could be the Trojan horse that leads Europe toward deeper political integration.
Despite the understandable concerns of Finns, Poles, and others in Central and Eastern Europe, the relationship with Russia should be the easier of the two to manage.
Second, whether one thinks of Al Qaeda’s terrorism or the presence of Western armies in Iraq and Afghanistan, Europe and the Islamic world have demonstrated a continuing willingness to deal violently with each other.
Unlike his two predecessors, Obama has had the courage to target the Israel-Palestine problem, the intractable seat of the infection, from the beginning of his presidency.
It has currently put on hold a deepened economic relationship with Israel: if Israel’s government continues to refuse to stop its colonization of the West Bank, Europeans should make clear that, as Israel’s most important export market, they have tougher options at hand.
We saw this most visibly in the person of former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who fortunately has been kicked to the sidelines of the political scene. But even the most stalwart European leaders have lost their followers’ trust by baldly saying one thing today and the opposite tomorrow.
The Greek version of this dilemma, in which no one pays taxes because no one else pays taxes, is particularly stark.
EU member states need to rebuild their trust in one another. And European countries facing the need for wrenching structural reforms need to restore social trust at home.
At the time, Europe immediately understood the challenge and reacted effectively.
Europe and Russia meet in Ukraine, and its fate will not only be a crucial factor in defining European security, but will also play a substantial role in future European-Russian relations.
Only if Germany and Poland, together with the smaller eastern member states, jointly advocate such an “eastern” and neighborhood policy towards Ukraine, will EU policy as a whole receive the necessary power and perseverance.
Not only has German resurgence raised overall growth in Europe, but it has also made growth less evenly balanced throughout the euro zone.
The currencies of the reform laggards would have depreciated against that of Germany, and there might have been a supportive cut in interest rates as well.
Chronic stagnation is too high a price to pay for adopting the euro.
The ECB President made it clear he will do his duty whatever the political pressure.
Europe’s Vision Deficit
And right-wing populism has become an electoral force to be reckoned with in France, Belgium, and the Netherlands.
Consider the euro: no head of state or government has so far been able to present a coherent defense of the eurozone to counter the pervasive unease that now exists towards the common currency.
The truth that politicians (David Cameron’s UK government excluded, at least for now) are reluctant to admit is that Western Europe’s current morass is distinct from the global US-made downturn.
Europe’s Vision Free Leadership
But it is not yet clear, whatever the Lisbon Treaty says, that Ashton has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service.
The EU needs common defense procurement and harmonization to acquire the helicopters, transport aircraft, battlefield communications equipment, and surveillance drones that are necessary for twenty-first-century operations.
The greatest success of Europe’s external policy has been EU enlargement.
Unfortunately, van Rompuy, an author and poet, has spoken out against Turkish membership in far cruder terms than one would expect from a gentle haiku writer.
Europe’s Vital French Connection
An active France can play a bridging role, leveraging its strong relationship with Germany (a friendship that is a pillar of the EU) and its proximity and cultural affinities to the Mediterranean.
The reforms should also introduce much greater individual choice, permitting solutions to retirement, education, health, and lifestyle issues that can be more easily tailored to citizens’ specific circumstances and needs.
Europe needs a renewed vision and effective policies to realize that vision.
Indeed, she had no choice but to concede and agree to far-reaching changes to the EU’s new fiscal compact that will ease refinancing of the crisis countries and their banks.
Instead, it is a full-blown defeat for Germany, linked to its firm denial that German policy has sharply reduced the country’s influence in the EU.
And, while that would jeopardize Germany’s own interests, practical political action is not always rational, particularly in times of serious crisis.
He was wrong.
Since the eruption of the European crisis in 2009, the EU and the eurozone have experienced massive, unprecedented changes.
The depression will continue, dimming prospects for economic growth throughout the EU and the eurozone.
Given this, Europe’s condition is quite obviously far from being stabilized, despite some leading Europeans’ recent statements suggesting otherwise.
(The wealthy also remain largely in control of the media, the public discourse, and cross-border capital flows.)
This is clearly not sustainable – a point that former Director of the International Monetary Fund's Europe Department Reza Moghadam recognized when he recently called for writing off half of Greece's debt, provided an agreement can be reached on credible growth-enhancing structural reforms.
The persistent tendency to pay lip service to social sustainability, while implementing economic programs focused on unrelenting austerity, is a leading cause of political instability in Europe.
Policymakers must direct just as much effort and resources toward realizing social sustainability as they do toward getting the Basel III financial reforms right.
Worse, informed Americans see anti-Semitism running rampant in Europe and xenophobic political parties on the march in country after country.
"I asked French and German leaders, but never received any credible answer."
So American eyes are turning elsewhere: to China with its 1.3 billion people and an economy growing at 8-10%, year in and year out, and to India, with its 1.1 billion people and 6% annual growth.
It is, however, no more unfair than how America is regularly portrayed in Europe's media these days.
The psychology behind the Tea Party in the United States and the anti-immigrant parties in Europe is similar, even if their policies vary.
Nativism is on the rise all over the Western world, and Wilders, in particular, is a popular speaker at right-wing anti-Muslim gatherings in the US, Britain, and Germany.
As long as this is so, why not give them real political responsibility? They would then not only have to prove their competence, but also moderate their attitudes.
It will no longer do merely to warn against racism, or promote multiculturalism.
One lesson is that unity is not an option; it is a condition sine qua non of the EU’s economic prosperity and political relevance.
The Commission has been equally firm in demanding both.
That thinking – which needs to be reaffirmed and politically supported – underpinned our active trade agenda.
Credibly delivering on important EU-level reforms enabled Europe to put the most existential phase of the crisis behind it.
We must not relax these efforts.
But the main reason is surely that Turkey, a mostly Muslim country, governed by a Muslim party, is viewed as too foreign.
But more and more Europeans are disillusioned with the Union.
Minorities do well in empires, especially benevolent empires.
Turkey is in a good position to guide other Muslim countries in a more liberal-democratic direction.
Such a process cannot be forced on people.
After all, European voters are in no mood to transfer more powers to Brussels.
But before delving into institutional issues – a favorite topic of EU veterans – one should consider what problem the capital-markets union is supposed to solve.
Promoting a pan-European private placement market might help, as would aligning standards for covered bonds.
What began as a slogan may turn out to be helpful.
Perhaps that should come as no surprise, given that nearly 5% of US investment is spent on ICT, compared to 2% in Europe.
To benefit fully from the Internet, the EU should avoid favoring local businesses over global competitors, and all investment should be welcome, whether it comes from Stockholm, Seoul, or San Francisco.
Meanwhile, protesters across Europe have called for a clampdown on Uber’s ride-sharing service and restrictions on Airbnb’s apartment-sharing service, and the French Senate is considering “search neutrality” obligations.
BRUSSELS – The new European Commission headed by Jean-Claude Juncker is off to a rocky start.
The Stability and Growth Pact prescribes an annual improvement of at least 0.5 % of GDP.
But the Commission, not fiscally louche member countries, should be the one to decide that.
It cannot avoid taking sides by insisting publicly on austerity rules but then acquiescing when member states break them.
Back in the 1990’s, EU officials, prompted by Spain, Italy, and France, began to shape a Mediterranean strategy to stimulate trade and investment in the Arab world.
Indeed, Europe has much to offer the Arab world as it emerges from its political and economic stagnation, but it needs to do so loudly and clearly under the banner of EU leadership.
But the EU can make a much more positive and important contribution to the Arab awakening by launching an economic strategy along the lines laid out by Italy’s foreign minister, Franco Frattini, and Britain’s deputy prime minister, Nick Clegg.
Nevertheless, the living conditions of many Roma remain appalling.
A difference in treatment is not discriminatory in itself.
The statistics showing the enormous proportion of Roma children in those schools are hard to ignore, and the suspicion of discrimination is difficult to avoid.
DUBLIN – One of the top priorities established by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker ahead of his election last summer was the creation of a European energy union.
Its implementation would allow Europe to introduce a free-trade zone for renewable energy, reducing the need for storage and excess capacity to back up variable power supplies.

The Baltic states are also planning their own offshore grid.
Europe’s Energy Essentials
Though the EU as a whole maintains a balanced energy mix, with supply divided relatively evenly among gas, coal, oil, renewables, and nuclear generation, individual countries are often excessively dependent on a single source and, more dangerously, a single supplier: Russia.
The problem is that EU leaders have yet to define a compelling and effective strategy for building it.
The EU cannot afford to isolate itself, or misunderstand the geopolitical forces at play, yet again.
Russian President Vladimir Putin’s recent threat to aim missiles at Ukraine highlights what is at stake in that debate’s outcome.
But they were small and contiguous to the EU.
Ukraine needs the discipline of the accession process – and thus the promise of EU membership – if reforms are to be implemented effectively.
That would strengthen Russia’s position in Ukraine, where the Kremlin constantly encourages a return to Slavic roots and warns against flirting with a West that doesn’t want it.
At stake in the debate about EU enlargement into the post-Soviet east is whether Western values will take root in those countries or whether they will drift into a gray zone from which they will sooner or later challenge the values and democratic ways of “Europe.”
Getting agreement over anything is difficult for a European Union of 27 members.
Agreement from the Arab League was vital, as was securing a vote in the United Nations Security Council.
Europe is not a monolith, but in many areas it can still act coherently, even without complete agreement.
Europe at War
As a result, the mere threat of military action may be sufficient to bring about Ukraine’s economic collapse.
And about 30% of the recently elected European Parliament ran on anti-European platforms.
European economies, including Germany, are suffering, as the sanctions’ depressive impact aggravates the recessionary and deflationary forces that are already at work.
But its enemies – not only Putin’s Russia, but also its own bureaucracy and financial oligarchy – are formidable, and it cannot defeat them alone.
With the United States an increasingly reluctant world policeman as it reconsiders, reduces, and realigns its strategic commitments, European countries – especially the United Kingdom and France, given Germany’s retreat from military participation – will have to bear principal responsibility for dealing with African security issues.
Indeed, whatever the role of bilateral cooperation, the only supranational organization capable of sustained combat operations is NATO. That umbrella can provide a basis for US support behind European leadership, as it did in Libya.
Europe needs to take the lead, as it did in Mali and Libya.
Some, including Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, claim that the conflicts generating these refugees rage only in Arab countries that are being bombed by the West.
Second, the minority who do choose Germany, France, Scandinavia, the United Kingdom, or Hungary are not enemies who have come to destroy us or even to sponge off of European taxpayers.
But, for most Europeans, these people are little more than statistics, just as the women and men who have survived the journey remain unidentified and indistinguishable, a threatening anonymous mass.
In Paris, he found a low-skill job and had children and grandchildren.
If anything, growing inequality – exacerbated by years of crisis – is making the problem worse.
More fundamentally, such solutions require abandoning the false dichotomy of liberty and security.
These groups take advantage of unruly environments and weak or collapsing institutions to gain a territorial foothold.
LONDON – As Europe’s financial crisis goes from acute to chronic, the dispute over who will bear the costs of resolving it is fueling the emergence of a new generation of political movements. In the so-called periphery, political upstarts promise citizens an alternative to austerity.
And, during its first decade, the euro ostensibly delivered. Just as cheap mortgage financing papered over the cracks of growing income inequality in the United States, cheap capital from the north accelerated Europe’s apparent economic convergence.
Political revolutions rarely arise out of brief periods of acute crisis. Rather, they follow one or more generations of chronic decline, when fear of economic loss gives way to targeted anger, and charismatic voices surface to orchestrate the response.
If they wait too long, the old walls will be restored and the euro’s guardians will be left out in the cold.

Immigrants from Algeria, Bangladesh, Pakistan, or Turkey will, in the course of a generation or two, become European in outlook and politics.
The essential elements of modern European political life – individual rights and duties, and the accountability of government to the governed – are lacking, particularly in the Arab Middle East.
Despite horrific twentieth-century backsliding in Europe, secularism has served to blunt the edge of bigotry, because secular reasoning, unlike divine revelation, is never conclusive.
European Social Democracy’s Powerless Power
But it is the economic slowdown that renders all developed countries less resistant to the financial shocks resulting from the sub-prime problem and from the mixed loan packages that are then used to dilute the risks attached to sub-prime debt.
Simply put, deregulation, privatization, reduced public services, and refocusing corporate management on earnings – all this suits too many people.
The case of Spain – where a competent and respected government is bearing the full brunt of a financial crisis that began elsewhere – is identical.
Hundreds of thousands were killed, and millions of Syrians have fled, with most living in camps in Jordan, Lebanon, or Turkey for years, in appalling conditions and with no hope of improvement.
Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi’s call for European solidarity went unheeded.
The EU will be able to address the challenge – and seize the opportunity – of integrating the newcomers only together and in the spirit of European solidarity.
To be sure, there is a risk that the refugee crisis will strengthen nationalist and populist parties in EU member states.
A lost half-decade is quickly turning into a whole one.
The current mess stems partly from adherence to a long-discredited belief in well-functioning markets without imperfections of information and competition.
But the critics have been right about one thing: unless the structure of the eurozone is reformed, and austerity reversed, Europe will not recover.
Youth unemployment is over 50%.
E Pluribus Europe?
Whereas Merkel declared forcefully that Islam was also a religion of Germany, some in Eastern Europe have declared that they will welcome only a small number of refugees – and only if they are Christian.
In fact, when it comes to EU cohesion, more cleavages are probably better than a single divide.
And Germany, the Scandinavian countries, and the UK may be at the forefront of the fight against climate change.
In Brussels, which was semi-deserted and in lockdown, owing to the risk of terrorist attacks, the European Union institutions have yet to devise a unified strategy to manage the influx of migrants and refugees, much less address the instability and violence in the EU’s immediate neighborhood.
But of all the problems Europe faces, it is the migration crisis that could become existential.
Even with an unlikely wall around Europe, many would find a way in – and some would terrorize Europe for decades to come.
A cyclical recovery is underway, supported by monetary easing for years to come and increasingly flexible fiscal rules.
Europe’s Last Straw?
But Russian attacks on groups fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s regime are exacerbating instability in large swaths of the country, driving even more desperate people to seek shelter in Europe.
Too large a crisis – or too many crises at once – threatens to overwhelm the EU’s capacity to respond, ultimately leading to breakdown.
Europe needs to recover the mentality of 1989, when the movement of large numbers of people across borders – initially, the Hungarian-Austrian frontier – prompted reform and openness, rather than a silo mentality.
Now, they are about to make the same mistake in Ukraine, with even more devastating potential consequences.
Ukrainians must perceive that the pain of adjustment is being shared fairly, which means that the country’s oligarchs must become subject, at long last, to the rule of law. But, given that a free, stable, and prosperous Ukraine is very much in Europe’s strategic interest, the EU’s member governments should also share the burden of financing reform.
Plan B in Ukraine is surely not more reform, but less of it – and probably the kind of reckless economic populism that Latin America has witnessed in recent years, from Hugo Chávez’s Venezuela to Néstor and Cristina Kirchner’s neo-Peronist Argentina.
Europe’s leaders cannot decide if the eurozone is a federation akin to the United States or a group of independent states.
Similarly, the IMF is not expected to help India – whose per capita GDP is less than a tenth of eurozone levels – to finance the poverty-stricken states of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.
Just as it is the responsibility of creditor regions in the world’s other currency unions to support the debtor regions (which they do through a variety of means), it is up to the eurozone’s creditor regions to underpin its debtor regions’ solvency.
The deal has caused a split in Syriza, Greece’s leftist governing party; opened a rift between Germany’s Chancellor Angela Merkel and her uncompromisingly tough finance minister, Wolfgang Schäuble; and spurred an effort by France to reassert itself within the Franco-German axis that has always been the “motor” of European integration.
Yet, however complicated the blame game, some lessons can be drawn to guide future policy.
The alternative is to embrace a “transfer union” that ensures a better balance between solidarity and responsibility.
A special Assembly of the European Parliament, comprising the eurozone members, should have powers – on the model of a national parliament – to legislate and control the executive.
The effective renunciation of the fiscal compact by Valls and Renzi suggests that these ratios will rise even further in the coming years.
The best example of the liability model is the United States.
For Europe’s leaders, the withdrawal by France and Italy from the fiscal compact should serve as a clear sign that the mutualization model is not working for the eurozone, either.
Perhaps capital expenditures were overly ambitious, but they triggered rapid export growth, and more than 2,000 jobs were created in the small town of Pirot to manufacture boots for European fishermen and New York City firemen, as well as technical rubber products.
After all, excessive and chaotic deleveraging by lenders to emerging Europe – and the ensuing credit crunch – would destabilize this economically and institutionally fragile region.
Furthermore, collateral – especially real-estate assets – will continue to be downgraded.
The European Investment Bank, the World Bank, and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development have agreed on a new Joint Action Plan, including investment totaling €30 billion ($39 billion) over the next two years, as well as policy advice, to support economic recovery and sustained growth in the region.
Ketika hari perhitungan datang di musim panas ini, para pemimpin di Tiongkok mengeluarkan $200 miliar yang merupakan cadangan devisa yang diperoleh dengan susah payah seolah-olah berperan sebagai Knut yang Agung berupaya mencegah pasang-surutnya kekalahan di pasar modal.
Pejabat di Tiongkok mungkin tidak wajib bertanggung jawab pada parlemen atau kongres yang terpilih secara demokratis – namun pejabat pemerintah memiliki satu badan – tujuh anggota komite Politbiro – dimana  mereka harus mempertanggungjawabkan kesalahannya.
Uni Eropa di sisi lain meminta – dan memberlakukan – kenaikan pada ketiga tarif pajak.
So long as they could finance deficits by printing a local currency and devaluing it from time to time, they would stick to their free-spending ways.
It promised peace, prosperity, and growing mutual respect, with political union as the ultimate goal.
Monetary union was always a risky bet, but it did not necessarily have to produce mass unemployment (more than half of all young people in Greece and Spain do not have a job).
This kind of problem already worried John Maynard Keynes at the time of the post-World War II Bretton Woods negotiations.
Independent central banks are a great thing, and ECB President Mario Draghi is a great central banker.
NEW YORK – In public policy, peace talks, election campaigns, or corporate strategy, laying out intentions, promises, and commitments is never enough.
Now consider free speech.
Everyone walks away knowing exactly what they are supposed to do, what to expect others to do, and what the consequences will be if they do not.
If they do not follow through on their intentions, promises, and commitments, access to information and instant communication is such that empty promises simply will no longer persuade most people.
But this process has not occurred, and, as the interminable Greek crisis has shown, the eurozone remains rife with structural weaknesses and extremely vulnerable to internal shocks.
The need to maintain this commitment to European unity, and overcome the economic difficulties that arise, is reinforced by new geopolitical challenges.
The problem is that Europeans have become so accustomed to muddling through that long-term solutions seem all but impossible.
Binding the union closer together could prove critical to building such trust.
Life is strewn with banana skins, and when you step on one you need to be able to adjust.
That is why economists of all stripes, whether or not they supported the introduction of the common currency, have spent the last five years developing and promoting a package of institutional reforms and policy changes that would make the eurozone less dysfunctional.
And no one is talking about real fiscal and political union, even though no one can imagine European Monetary Union surviving under the status quo.
If only anti-Europeans oppose EMU, the EU baby could end up being thrown out with the euro bathwater.
True, according to some estimates, the eurozone economy may now be growing at an annual rate of 1.6%, up from 0.9% in the year to the fourth quarter of 2014.
Given patchy global demand, rapid export growth will be difficult to achieve.
Nor can the small uptick in the eurozone’s growth, much less the relatively rapid expansion in Spain and Ireland, be attributed to the German recipe of fiscal consolidation and measures to increase export competitiveness.
Nor does Ireland – the fastest-growing EU economy last year – confirm the appropriateness of Germany’s policy prescriptions.
The immediate causes of recovery are not difficult to discern.
The weakening of the euro and the ECB’s aggressive measures may even stop the deflationary pressure later this year.
And austerity and reform fatigue in the eurozone periphery has been matched by bailout fatigue in the core, boosting support for a range of anti-euro parties in Germany, the Netherlands, and Finland.
Finally, Europe’s monetary union remains incomplete.
Small Steps to European Growth
Although growth may exceed the Commission’s forecast, there are reasons to be concerned about the eurozone’s growth potential.
Since 2010, the EU has been piling up coordination procedures in the hope of pushing governments into enacting politically difficult reforms.
There is broad agreement that streamlining is required; but that will not suffice.
Such institutions would be much better placed than the EU to formulate timely and granular reform recommendations.
This would be a good start.
The smoking gun is supposedly the €400 billion annual shortfall relative to 2007.
An ever-increasing capital stock relative to output, however, means ever-lower returns to capital and thus ever more non-performing loans in the banking sector over time.
Europe’s banking system already has more than €1 trillion in capital.
But there are fundamental reasons to believe that the eurozone’s investment rate will remain permanently depressed.
The weaker euro will stimulate eurozone countries’ exports – roughly half of which go to external markets – and thus will raise eurozone GDP.
At that time, the interest rate on ten-year Treasury bonds was close to 4%.
In contrast, long-term interest rates in the eurozone are already extremely low, with ten-year bond rates at about 50 basis points in Germany and France and only 150 basis points in Italy and Spain.
Here, the revenue loss could be offset by an increase in the personal tax rate.
The International Monetary Fund was established 70 years ago to manage an “adjustable peg” system – a hybrid system in which exchange rates were usually fixed to the US dollar, but could be adjusted occasionally to improve the country’s competitive position in export markets.
In 1991, the loss of monetary-policy independence seemed like a worthwhile trade-off for Europe’s economies; today, it seems that it may have been a mistake.
Unlike in Japan, eurozone countries’ failure to implement bold monetary-policy measures is not a choice.
Otherwise, they will continue to go from one crisis to the next, with countries that do fall within the optimal currency area – for example, Germany and France – facing the consequences.
A truly European currency built on German principles appeared to be the best way forward.
What really matters is whether a common European currency still makes sense for the future.
Third, it was (somewhat naively) believed that the institutions underpinning the euro would improve the overall quality of economic policy, as though Europe-wide policies would automatically be better than national ones.
Clarity is a prerequisite of serious discussion and ambitious reform.
The prescient calls from Joseph Stiglitz, Jeffrey Sachs, and many others for a different approach to sovereign debt in general need to be modified to fit the particular characteristics of the eurozone’s crisis.
The ECB will service (as opposed to purchase) a portion of every maturing government bond corresponding to the percentage of the member state’s public debt that is allowed by the Maastricht rules.
The Maastricht-compliant part of its members’ sovereign debt would be restructured with longer maturities (equal to the maturity of the ECB bonds) and at the ultra-low interest rates that only the ECB can fetch in international capital markets.
One such step is the debt-conversion program proposed here.
To be sure, the European Central Bank’s large-scale bond-buying program could be suppressing interest rates temporarily, and, once the purchases are halted next year, they will rise again.
When they are negligible, they flatter profit statements, while balance-sheet problems slowly accumulate.
But that debt costs only 1-2% of GDP to service, allowing Japan to remain solvent.
ALESSANDRIA, ITALY – Tax evasion is a global scourge.
To encourage customers to request official receipts as proof of payment, some local tax authorities issue a type of receipt that doubles as a lottery ticket.
Moreover, the method is vulnerable to illicit practices, such as collecting receipts issued to foreigners and students, who cannot claim their own refunds.
However, taxable income in the sector is still growing at a slower rate than gross income as measured by national accounts.
Evidence-Based Economics
Nevertheless, the radicals prevailed through what the economist Harry Johnson called “scorn and derision.”
When supply shocks hit the US economy, the neo-Keynesians’ response was to pour on more demand, believing it would revive employment.
In my view, this core tenet of supply-side economics rests on a simple blunder.
In that case, the tax cut, while gradually increasing private wealth, would decrease social wealth.
But the effectiveness of such tax cuts would be largely, if not wholly, transitory – especially if the welfare state was spared.
Chinese leaders blame Taiwanese leaders for cross-straits tensions, and blame the Dalai Lama for all that ails Tibet.
He even employed this phrase in his final State of the Union address in 2008, saying that “Our message to the people of Iran is clear: We have no quarrel with you….Our message to the leaders of Iran is also clear: Verifiably suspend your nuclear enrichment, so negotiations can begin.”
Wilson could not implore his people to “kill the Krauts,” as British or French leaders frequently did, because so many of Wilson’s soldiers were, by ethnicity at least, Krauts themselves.
Again, imagine if recent history had gone differently, and Saddam had in fact taken the Bush administration’s eleventh-hour offer of exile rather than war. Or if the initial attempt made on Saddam’s life in the war’s first hours had been successful.
LA PAZ – Evo Morales succeeded in amending the Bolivia’s constitution and being re-elected President.
But the making of Morales as a leader able to combine these three dimensions reflects two institutional reforms in the 1990’s that expanded social participation and opened up opportunities for new leaders and political movements.
Soon gas was being exported – very profitably – to Brazil.
These not only increase household spending, but also offer opportunities for trade, in both the formal and informal sectors, making it the most successful policy in the fight against poverty.
Indeed, my field is now going through one of the most dynamic periods in its 150-year history.
One of the first attempts to square the theory with the evidence was proposed by my late colleague Motoo Kimura, who posited the existence of neutral mutations – gene variants that are neither advantageous nor harmful to an individual, and therefore not influenced by natural selection.
The field is in the process of gaining a better understanding of a host of complex systems within individual cells.
Evolutionary Theory’s Welcome Crisis
Other assumptions, however, are under threat.
For example, epigenetics – the study of heritable modifications of the genome that do not involve alterations to the genetic code – is on the rise.
Evolutionary theory’s current contretemps – and our inability to predict where the field will be in 50 years – are a cause for celebration.
Leverage is increasing, with some $57 trillion having piled up worldwide since the global financial crisis began.
And, indeed, debt and unfunded non-debt liabilities increasingly weigh down public-sector balance sheets and pension funds, eroding the foundations of resilient, sustainable growth.
There is also an intermediation problem.
If this turns to full-blown deflation, accompanied by uncontrolled rising real interest rates, the risk to growth would be serious.
Complementary reforms are needed to maintain and improve the transmission channels of monetary policy and avoid adverse side effects.
This is, of course, impossible, as surpluses and deficits must be in balance for the world economy as a whole.
China needs a major internal restructuring from exports and investments, its two engines of growth in past decades, to personal and government consumption (education, health, and social protection in the latter case).
Why should emerging-market countries’ central banks undertake this peculiar financial intermediation, which represents a major cost, as the yield of private funds is higher than that of reserves?
Recent IMF reforms are just a step in the direction of trying to create better financial instruments to help these countries.
The euro’s depreciation has been greeted with delight by Europe’s business leaders.
This was followed by a bill proposing a special levy on countries running large bilateral trade surpluses with the US.
And hedging against such a reversal merely builds up risk elsewhere in the international financial system.
NEW YORK – France’s new president, François Hollande, is not married to his partner, the glamorous political journalist Valerie Trierweiler, and no one seems to care.
In America in this election cycle, as in Europe, headlines are absent that in the past would have raised questions about an unmarried female partner, a working woman, a woman with a life of her own.
Another reason for the not-necessarily-married and not-necessarily-full-time political spouse has to do with simple generational change: the role of adoring wife that Nancy Reagan perfected is a time-consuming profession.
Both President George W. Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair urgently need a plausible exit strategy from Iraq.
The probability of Iraqi elections being held this coming January must be lower than 50%, and we can be certain that these will not be free and fair elections throughout the entire country.
History suggests that elections do not create democracies. They confirm that the conditions for a democratic order are present.
The second condition that must be satisfied before elections can be credible is security.
In a Muslim country, such a strategy would, moreover, provide protection against hijacking of the law by religious fanatics.
Although the rest of postcommunist Europe confronted such questions a decade ago, the Balkan wars of the 1990’s left both perpetrators and victims stuck in a time warp of justice delayed.
By contrast, Milosevic has taken advantage of the ICTY’s procedures to delay his trial, while challenging its jurisdiction and legitimacy.
It enters this end game facing diminished resources and waning political will within the international community.
There, too, the ICTY will not be missed.
Two years on, are good intentions the best that Obama’s new policy has to offer? After all, nothing of value has in fact resulted from them.
In both cases, standstill triumphed over progress.
They are internally divided between Fatah and Hamas, under Israeli occupation in East Jerusalem and the West Bank, isolated from the outside world in Gaza, hopeless in the region’s refugee camps, and rebuffed by their Arab neighbors.
The formula could run as follows: a comprehensive agreement about the final status now (taking into account all open questions, including East Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine); implementation of the agreement in pre-defined steps over a longer period of time; and monitoring of the process via a mechanism based on the presence on the ground of a third party (led by the US).This would give Palestinians a guarantee of their state’s borders, its capital, and the Israeli occupation’s pre-defined endpoint.
Unlike Iraq and Afghanistan, democracy is not new to this 60-year-old state, but ethnic cleavages, weak institutions, and religious extremism in the North are perennially destabilizing.
Interestingly, in the midst of the political transition, Musharraf embarked on a week-long visit to China to lobby for construction of an oil and gas pipeline between China and the Persian Gulf that would be routed through Pakistan.
But it is significant that Bush decided to voice this view during Pakistan’s political transition.
After all, the victory of the secular Awami National Party (ANP) in Pakistan’s North-West Frontier Province is a strong indication that people there have rejected religious political forces and violence.
Bosnia was divided between a Muslim-Croat federation and a Serb republic, with little authority vested in the central government and a large international military – and eventually civilian – presence needed to hold it together.
The United States and the European Union are committed to a different vision: democratic transition and integration of all of the Balkans into NATO and eventually the EU. But they have been reluctant to impose conditions on Serbia, for fear of bringing even more radical nationalists to power.
In Bosnia, any further moves to undermine the essential compromise reached in the 1995 Dayton agreement should be met with the full powers of Bosnia’s “high representative,” who has recently negotiated an agreement that will strengthen the country’s fragile governing structure.
Expanding Crime and Punishment in Tibet
Having been found guilty -- the conviction rate in China is around 98%, and is even higher in Tibet, so the verdict was never in doubt – he was sentenced to five years in prison.
(The paper was apparently unaware that by then he had been in custody for five months.)
Nor are these the only cases.
More remarkable news has just emerged: despite slowing economic-growth rates, China, together with Hong Kong, has recorded $29 billion in initial public offerings so far this year – almost twice the funds raised in US markets.
More recently, China began to apply the same approach to building a more innovative, knowledge-based economy – one in which the services sectors, together with domestic consumption, drive growth.
China’s real-estate, credit, and stock-market bubbles – which produced ghost towns, bad local debts, and stock-price volatility – attest to that.
A Tale of Two Theories
The United States’ recovery is solid.
This seems paradoxical, because interest rates are close to zero in most advanced economies.
The Secular Stagnation Hypothesis is worrying, because it gives few reasons to believe that things will improve by themselves.
But cheap credit promotes bad investment and excessive debt, which borrowers often are unable to repay.
Both also fit only some of the facts.
NEW YORK – Nobody would care much about North Korea – a small and isolated country of 24 million people, ruled by a grotesque dynasty that calls itself communist – if it were not for its nuclear weapons.
But this lethal brew has a history, which needs to be explained.
Korean rulers only managed to survive by playing one foreign power off against the other, and by offering subservience, mainly to Chinese emperors, in exchange for protection.
China could crush North Korea in a day just by cutting off food and fuel supplies.
So far, they are just words. But small things – a shot in Sarajevo, as it were – can trigger a catastrophe.
It is impossible to advance toward political union while seeming to abandon Europe’s citizens along the way, which is the impression that unremitting austerity has created.
If that does not happen, next year’s European elections may give rise to an unfortunate paradox.
The European Parliament can exercise its power only if citizens feel represented there.
Given that Lula is an avowed leftist who counts Hugo Chávez and Fidel Castro among his friends, Brazil’s performance is all the more surprising. How could he manage to preside over such a spectacular stock-market boom?
The news media typically present reasons to justify the view that the economy has entered a “new era.”
Why haven’t the stories of corruption caused a crisis, as similar scandals did in Korea and Malaysia during the Asian financial crisis in 1997-98? Indeed, while the scandals have shaken the government, Lula was overwhelmingly reelected last year, and investors continue to pour money into the stock market.
After all, you don’t hear Canada’s foreign minister denying tension on his country’s American frontier, because the truth of that proposition is self-evident.
With China having established four new airbases in Tibet and three in its southern provinces bordering India, the Indian Air Force is reportedly augmenting its own presence near the Chinese border by deploying two squadrons of Sukhoi-30MKI fighters.
The reasons are not hard to identify. China’s recent troubles over Tibet have brought with them unwelcome reminders of India’s hospitality to the Dalai Lama and his government-in-exile.
Moreover, India has attempted to establish strategic ties with countries that China sees as falling within its own sphere of influence (from Mongolia to Vietnam, including direct competition over Myanmar).
But, all these years later, I have yet to meet anyone who knows what they are talking about who is prepared to defend Kyoto as a substantive global public policy. ”It was a way of getting the ball rolling,” on climate change, say some. ”It was a way of waking up the world to the seriousness of the problem,” say others.
Providing the proper incentives for effective research and development will not be easy. Public programs work less well when the best route to the goal – in this case, the most promising post-carbon energy technologies – is uncertain.
And many believe that whatever their weakness today, time is on the Palestinians’ side.
What I saw during those hours were, despite my personal condition, the most comforting and hopeful signs that I have encountered in the entire region in many years.
And it was fitting that this token of a possible future should be found in an ophthalmology department, an enterprise devoted to restoring vision.
Renzi’s Promise
This explains the popular appeal of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and Beppe Grillo, the stand-up comedian who co-founded the populist Five Star Movement.
Specifically, he must help to find an alternative to the untenable mantra of “convergence” of policies and standards that has driven European integration – one that acknowledges countries’ divergent approaches to solving problems.
Face-to-Face with Facebook
Statistics recently published by the Pew Research Center’s Internet &amp; American Life Project (http://pewinternet.org/Reports/2010/Reputation-Management.aspx) indicate that young people manage their reputations online more carefully than do older people.
They want to “evolve” on their own, rather than be pushed (or led unwittingly) by Facebook.
If your friends and other people can see it, so can you.
They like to be treated as individuals, not to be put into buckets.
The Second Nuclear Age
Israel also is launching a new generation of satellites to provide early warning of other countries’ preparations for missile strikes.
It has rehearsed quick missile salvos, showing that it could launch attacks on South Korea and Japan before any counter-strike could be landed.
Given America’s economic problems and looming defense cuts, as well as growing Chinese power, there is no longer even a remote possibility that this demand will be made.
His view, in essence, means that the current financial crisis is the final proof that markets do not process information efficiently.
In such circumstances, prices may well move far from the fundamentals as assessed by a hypothetical collective wisdom that would pool all information in the market.
Executives collected generous bonuses, and equity holders were protected by limited liability.
Failing states in Central America
Many economists believe that a major reason for the quetzal’s strength against the dollar in recent years has been the amount of drug money laundered through the Guatemalan financial system.
The condition of the Central American judiciary is at the heart of the prospect of state failure.
Significant improvements to this situation will be hard won.
France, the United Kingdom, Germany, and Portugal, in collaboration with the United States, presented a draft resolution before the United Nations Security Council seeking to condemn repression in Syria and put an end to the use of force against civilians.
The Assad government does not hesitate to fire on civilians, lay siege to cities, or shut off their electricity and water.
In the case of the resolution on military intervention in Libya, the BRICS decided "to let" Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi be overthrown.
Likewise, an ambitious reform of the International Monetary Fund was adopted in 2010 to reflect changes in the global distribution of power.
For companies, renegotiations mean uncertainty and possible interruptions of production and revenue.
So, even without corruption, it is not surprising when a future government demands that the contract be renegotiated.
The ICAF would function like an escrow account into which the firm pays the funds required for the host country to hire a negotiating team. The escrow account manager then invites the country to select a team, suggesting what skills are required and perhaps even providing a roster of experts.
Tragedi yang berhubungan dengan cuaca seperti ini bukan hal baru bagi Pakistan; yang berbeda hanyalah frekuensi dan keganasannya.
Sementara itu, kenaikan suhu meningkatkan kemungkinan terjadinya hama dan penyakit pada tumbuhan, membahayakan produktivitas pertanian dan menjadikan penduduk semakin sering menderita gelombang panas.
Pada tahun 2050, rata-rata biaya tahunan adaptasi perubahan iklim akan mencapai $6-12 miliar, menurut Konvensi Kerangka Kerja PBB tentang Perubahan Iklim.
Abusive employers exploit their labor.
Most were left to their own devices to escape the violence, and many died trying.
Before the next crisis erupts, we need to clarify the critical roles that all key actors – including countries of origin and destination, neighboring states, businesses, and civil society – should play.
Destination countries have equally profound responsibilities in crises.
We need not be overwhelmed by the dizzying array of problems plaguing migrants.
There are more Muslims in China than in Europe, more practicing Protestants than in England, and more practicing Catholics than in Italy.
In any developed nation, you will find selfless care being provided to the disabled, the dying, the destitute, and the disadvantaged, by people acting under the impulse of their faith.
But such a world requires that mutual respect replace mutual suspicion.
Of course, throughout time, religion has often been part of a political conflict.
And we have an action program through which young people work with those of another faith to raise awareness of the Millennium Development Goals, the United Nations-led program to combat world poverty.
Together, they do constitute a real challenge to people of faith.
The immediate cause of this disaster is clear: the rains have failed for two years running in the dry regions of East Africa.
As a result, the Ethiopian-Somalia border has been war-torn for decades. 
There is no interest in Washington, DC, in addressing the needs of America’s poor, much less the needs of the world’s poor.
The Millennium Villages Project, which I have the honor of helping to lead, has demonstrated that pastoralist communities can be empowered through targeted investments in livestock management, veterinary care, business development, mobile health clinics, boarding schools, and local infrastructure such as safe water points, off-grid electricity, and mobile telephony.
NEW YORK &#45;&#45; The notion of a divide between the rich north and the poor and developing south has long been a central concept among economists and policymakers.
These countries have experienced unprecedented levels of sustained economic growth that may well enable them to replace the “Affluents” as engines of the world economy.
This requires policy changes as well as more generous and more effective aid.
Otherwise, we might bid farewell to old development divides only to welcome new ones.
The capacity for continuing this policy will soon be depleted, as the central-bank money flowing from the GIPS countries to the core countries of the eurozone increasingly crowds out the money created through refinancing operations there.
The sole exception is Ireland, which is suffering not from a lack of competitiveness, but from capital flight.
Estimates for Greece assume that prices and wages need to come down by 20-30%.
Farewell to the Neo-Classical Revolution
The last liberal cycle, associated with President Franklin Roosevelt’s New Deal and the economist John Maynard Keynes, was triggered by the Great Depression, though it took World War II’s massive government spending to get it properly going. During the three-decade-long Keynesian era, governments in the capitalist world managed and regulated their economies to maintain full employment and moderate business fluctuations.&#160;
The future is inherently uncertain, and therefore investor psychology is fickle.
But if we look at the historical record, the liberal regime of the 1950’s and 1960’s was more successful than the conservative regime that followed.
The classical economics of the 1920’s abstracted from the problem of unemployment by assuming that it did not exist.
Former Salvadoran guerrilla leader Joaquín Villalobos’ lapidary conclusion about the Colombian narco-guerrilla movement is worthy of consideration, given his unmatched insight into Latin America’s armed, revolutionary left.
Democratic transitions throughout the hemisphere had made guerrilla warfare unjustifiable: as Che foretold in his La Guerra de Guerrillas in 1962, wherever the trappings (or, one might add, the realities) of democratic rule prevailed, taking up arms was pointless.
But, having met Chávez personally a dozen times, it appears naïve, at least to me, to attribute great significance or conviction to anything he says – moderate, hard left, or in between.
Despite a landslide electoral victory for his Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) last September, Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama resigned only 262 days after taking office.
Ozawa’s aspiration to make the next election the grand finale of his political career by cementing the DPJ as a party of government now seems in jeopardy.
In 1999, Ozawa seized control of the DPJ, which Hatoyama and Naoto Kan, the new prime minister, had founded.
The likely ongoing instability within the DPJ makes it all the more important that the LDP seriously reform itself.
Seringkali mereka kalah dalam “taruhan” ini.
Para petani di negara yang lebih kaya akan mengalami perubahan juga.
Bahkan jika dunia menemukan sumber energi yang murah dan bersih minggu depan, akan butuh waktu untuk menghilangkan kebiasaan menggunakan bahan bakar fosil dan berganti ke masa depan yang bebas karbon.
Perkembangan baru ini membuat mereka mampu meningkatkan pola makan mereka, berinvestasi di pertanian mereka, dan mengirimkan anak-anak mereka ke sekolah.
Pada Surat Tahunan tahun ini, saya dan Melinda bertaruh bahwa Afrika akan dapat memberi makan dirinya sendiri selama 15 tahun mendatang.
This “globesity” epidemic is seen in poor countries as well as in wealthy ones.
Moreover, we have abundant access to “bad” or “fast” cheap food and an absence of opportunities for physical activity in areas of extreme poverty: this is the “obesity of poverty” argument – that is, poverty is a contributory factor in morbid weight gain.
Today, this agent is the adenovirus 36 (Ad–36), which stimulates the growth and reproduction of fat cells, as well as causing immature fat cells to mature more quickly, at least in chickens.
To see a world-wide epidemic of fat caused by a conspiracy of fast-food producers and our genes strikes one as weird: but the dieting culture relies on the sense that we must control this epidemic.
At least four (Muhammad al-Ghuneim, Salim al-Zanoun, Abbas Zaki, and Nasser Kidra) are hardliners, and most of the rest follow pretty much the traditional Fatah line.
The most interesting additions to the Central Committee are three younger men, though they have played leading roles in the organization for 20 years or more.
It is also extremely important that most of Fatah’s new leaders have a strong distaste for Hamas, which makes rapprochement between the two groups unlikely.
These technologically sophisticated fanatics are able to reach a wide audience.
So the disappointed and disaffected search for an Islam that meets their expectations.
But the Wahhabis tried to appropriate Mecca for their own version of Islam, and to export their exclusionary doctrine.
The most extreme preach the ideas of Al Qaeda and their ideological brethren.
The $4.3 Billion Shrug
The more important reason, though, is that even $4.3 billion is small change when compared to the total fines and litigation costs incurred by the major banks over the last five years.
The regulators maintain that much of this insurance was worthless to borrowers and was mis-sold.
Today, the payments have become so large that the government has seized them and channeled revenues exceeding the regulator’s enforcement costs to veterans’ charities.
Whether the current approach serves as an effective deterrent is a question that should be widely debated.
Despite these sentiments, Microsoft is helping the Chinese authorities to repress information as best they can.
To be sure, a corporation can and should place limits on the use of its services.
The most difficult of Gates’s three examples is that of pro-Nazi statements on a Web site aimed at Germany.
Since the two parties’ leaders, Heinz-Christian Strache and Jörg Haider, despise each other, there is little chance of a far-right coalition taking power.
Voters for the far right may be motivated less by ideology than by anxieties and resentments that are felt in many European countries, including ones with no Nazi tradition, such as The Netherlands and Denmark.
This is linked to resentment of immigrants.
But the new populism is not yet undemocratic, or even anti-democratic.
There is no need for liberal, traditional parties, in a fit of panic, to battle the right by pandering to the same resentments. But those resentments should be taken seriously in political debates.
In the first six months of 2004, there were already 1208 stories. The results were much the same when I searched "outsourcing," "jobs", and "China."
Once we saw our exaggerated hopes for our investments failing, we began to consider our other sources of income and wealth, only to confront the worldwide economic slowdown that began in 2001.
Growing fear of foreign competition ought to explain a lot of things in the future. People used to feel insulated from economic problems that occurred beyond their country's borders.
We must not let this happen.
Its scale is staggering: more than $4 trillion of mergers and acquisitions this year, with tradable and (theoretically) liquid financial assets reaching perhaps $160 trillion by the end of this year, all in a world where annual global GDP is perhaps $50 trillion.
If each of these factors accounts for one-third of the net gain, several conclusions follow.
Eighteenth-century physiocrats believed that only the farmer was productive, and that everyone else was somehow cheating the farmers out of their fair share.
After the inflations of World War I, a prudent investor might have thought gold – easily assessable, portable, and real – an attractive asset.
Fear as much as institutional blockages may be the source of what is either a global savings glut or a global investment shortfall, depending on how you view it.
Eurozone Budgets Under the Spotlight
This requirement of the eurozone’s Stability and Growth Pact, specified by Article 126 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, applies to member states that fail to meet their commitments to bring their budget deficits below 3% of GDP.
This is not a far-fetched scenario, and its realization would play havoc with the budgets of many indebted eurozone member states.
FRANKFURT – It looks like a coordinated offensive: on September 6, the European Central Bank outlined a new bond-buying program, letting markets know that there were no pre-set limits to its purchases.
All of its asset purchases will be sterilized, meaning that their monetary-policy effects will be offset.
Seen from the rest of the world, things are not much better.
SAN FRANCISCO – There is a big difference between the Federal Reserve’s mandate to maintain “stable prices” – as enunciated in the Federal Reserve Act – and the Fed’s self-selected target of 2% annual inflation.
The discussion quickly turned to the difficulty of measuring inflation accurately and the need to build in a “safety cushion” to avoid deflation.
Following the discussion, Greenspan exhorted the FOMC members to keep the discussion of the inflation target secret.
BEIJING – Fixated on inflation targeting in a world without inflation, central banks have lost their way.
In the Fed’s case, the presumption that the US will soon approach full employment has caused the so-called dual mandate to collapse into one target: getting inflation back to 2%.
It would rather attribute low inflation to successful inflation targeting, and the Great Moderation that it presumably spawned.
Not only have they failed repeatedly to get the inflation forecast right; they now risk fueling renewed financial instability and sparking another crisis.
It is time for them to turn their policy arsenal toward today’s enemy: financial instability.
Another reason not to panic is that, compared to 2013, when policy rates were low in many fragile emerging economies, central banks already have tightened their monetary policy significantly.
Its problems are mostly self-inflicted – the result of loose monetary, fiscal, and credit policies, all of which must now be tightened, during President Dilma Roussef’s first administration.
CAMBRIDGE – In its September policy statement, the US Federal Reserve took into consideration – in a major way – the impact of global economic developments on the United States, and thus on US monetary policy.
What little impact import price shocks have on US inflation is highly transitory, with most of the effect tapering off after just two quarters.

If the Fed decides to raise interest rates this year, which emerging markets are most vulnerable to a capital-flow reversal?
As a result of reduced debt and enhanced reserves, their creditworthiness improved during the 2003-2007 boom.
A less visible threat is the denomination of debt in dollars and other foreign currencies.
Unfortunately, in the last five years, many emerging markets have reverted to borrowing in foreign currency.
Consider the December meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC), where discussions of raising the benchmark federal funds rate were couched in adjectives, rather than explicit actions.
More important, the Fed’s $4.5 trillion balance sheet has since grown more than fivefold.
The unprecedented financial engineering by central banks over the last six years has been decisive in setting asset prices in major markets worldwide. But now it is time for the Fed and its counterparts elsewhere to abandon financial engineering and begin marshaling the tools they will need to cope with the inevitable next crisis.
The low level of all interest rates that resulted from this policy drove investors to buy equities and to increase the prices of owner-occupied homes.
Moreover, low interest rates have created a new problem: liquidity mismatch.
Others fear that, even without such financial shocks, the economy’s current strong performance will not continue when interest rates are raised.
Consider a few dismal statistics reflecting the current state of affairs.
When there is no yield in fixed income, even the most conservative pension funds pile into risk assets, driving prices higher and higher.
As the Fed slowly raises interest rates, those middle-class families holding their hard-earned savings at the bank will finally start realizing some return on their deposits.
No economic recovery can sustain itself without rising wages and higher consumer spending power.
Furthermore, this period of monetary tightening had unexpected consequences; financial institutions like Citicorp found that only regulatory forbearance saved them from having to declare bankruptcy, and much of Latin America was plunged into a depression that lasted more than five years.
The US unemployment rate may seem to hint at the risk of rising inflation, but the employment-to-population ratio continues to signal an economy in deep distress.
What would most benefit commercial banks is not an immediate increase in interest rates, but a monetary policy that contributes to ensuring that the economy is capable of supporting higher interest rates in the future.
The reason we should fear this possibility is that the world’s economic equilibrium is both fragile and unstable – and could wobble dangerously without determined and coordinated policy intervention.
The reasoning is that emerging economies have become dangerously dependent on low interest rates and high commodity prices.
There is no ECB for the emerging economies. They cannot be confident of appropriate reactions by their policymakers to rapid capital outflows, or of their capacity in terms of policy tools, reserves, and balance sheets.
Instead of focusing on how to bolster bank stability – channeling more capital toward the largest institutions, curbing their riskiest activities, and determining how to manage a failing bank without bailing it out – the officials discussed the bankers themselves.
Dudley also placed the onus for change on senior bank managers.
Catalyzing a shift in bank culture will not be easy.
Tarullo and Dudley understand this – but other, less adept officials may not.
Reflecting the New York Fed's heavy regulatory responsibilities, owing to its proximity to the seat of finance, its president has a permanent seat on the Federal Open Market Committee, the body that sets the Fed's benchmark interest rate.
When the US last experienced a crisis of this magnitude, in the 1930s, the Federal Reserve System similarly came under Congressional scrutiny.
Ultimately, whether significant changes are warranted should depend on whether the central bank's interventions in fact aggravated the recent crisis, as they aggravated the crisis of the 1930s.
The Federal Reserve System has always been a work in progress.
The move marks a turning point in the Fed’s approach to the economy. In deciding to raise interest rates, it will be doing more than simply lifting its foot from the financial-stimulus accelerator; it will also be taking a notable step toward the multiyear normalization of its overall policy stance.
If history is any guide, there are three major issues that warrant careful monitoring in the coming months.
Politicians on both sides of the Atlantic have the ability to lower the risk of instability by implementing structural reforms, ensuring more balanced aggregate demand, removing pockets of excessive indebtedness, and smoothing out the mechanisms of multilateral and regional governance.
What really shocked the markets was not the Fed’s decision to maintain zero interest rates for a few more months, but the statement that accompanied it.
If monetary policy is used to try to push unemployment below some pre-determined level, inflation will accelerate without limit and destroy jobs.
That brings us back to recent financial events.
But there may be a deeper reason for the Fed’s forbearance.
The bad news is that the vast majority of market analysts, still clinging to the old monetarist framework, will accuse the Fed of “falling behind the curve” by letting US unemployment decline too far and failing to anticipate the threat of rising inflation.
The International Monetary Fund has weighed in forcefully, calling on the Fed to wait longer before raising rates.
To say that 0.25%, or even 1%, is high in this environment is pure hyperbole.
The best defense against these pressures is to operate according to utterly unambiguous criteria.
Somebody on the committee has to lead the camel to water.
Think Japan, and its corporate zombies of the 1990’s. Just as they wrote the script for the first of Japan’s lost decades, their counterparts are now doing the same for the US economy.
Moreover, the debt overhang remains massive.
But the Fed’s policy gambit has taken the US down the wrong road.
For a world beset by seemingly endemic financial instability, this could prove to be the most destructive development of all.
Its decisions about interest rates and financial regulation reverberate through global markets and affect millions of lives. Yet its governance structure is of another age – antiquated, increasingly problematic, and urgently in need of sensible reform.
His choices included Dick Fuld, CEO of Lehman Brothers, which failed spectacularly in September 2008, and Stephen Friedman, a Goldman Sachs board member, who resigned as chair of the New York Fed’s board after being accused of inappropriately trading Goldman stock during the financial crisis.
BRUSSELS – August was quieter than feared on the European bond markets.
Unlike in the US, where federal public spending grew as a consequence of the creation of new expenditure programs throughout the twentieth century, public spending was already high at the national level when Europe began to integrate.
In other words, the price of solidarity is limited sovereignty.
Indeed, a major problem with the current state of affairs is the weakness of EU institutions that are in charge of advancing the common interest and that are accountable to Europeans as a whole.
In an era of globalization, with rapid economic growth in some areas and stagnation in others – and with television and the internet allowing us to see how others live – these comparisons are an increasingly important factor in the world economy.
The economist Albert Hirschman once likened a society with recognizably distinct groups to a multilane highway where people are unable to change lanes.
Consider the rampant anti-Semitism – some of it ultimately genocidal – that arose during the Great Depression of the 1930’s.
But, regardless of whether these comparisons occur in an economy that is growing or contracting, the anxiety that they engender clearly represents a potential risk of unrest and instability.

An entire academic discipline emerged out of the wholesale critique of the male tendency to create hierarchy, engage in territoriality, and be drawn to conflict.
Reading Fisher, one is more inclined to leave boys alone to challenge one another and test their environment, and to accept that, as she puts it, nature designed men and women to collaborate for survival.
Somehow, all this is liberating rather than infuriating.
In fact, Argentina is the only developed country that has succeeded, in the period from World War II until today, in mismanaging its way out of the First World.
Of course, when you control the official statistics office, you can claim any inflation rate you want; but that does not lower the price of bread.
This year was no different.
Foreigners are more circumspect.
It is a member of the United Nations, the Council of Europe, the World Trade Organization, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, and various other prestigious international bodies.
Unrecognized by the rest of the world, Transdniestrian “independence” is secured by a Russian garrison.
The state, however, is a political construction, designed to keep the peace in an economically viable territory.
But the lesson from the current crisis is that we will have to develop styles of global economic governance to manage, regulate, and mitigate the creative, but often disruptive forces unleashed by the global market.
So, not only has good – or better-than-expected – economic news boosted the markets, but even bad news has been good news, because it increases the probability that central-banking firefighters like US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and European Central Bank President Mario Draghi will douse the markets with buckets of cash.
Moreover, Greece could exit the eurozone in 2013, before Spain and Italy are successfully ring-fenced; Spain – like Greece – is spiraling into depression, and may need a full-scale bailout by the “troika” (the ECB, the European Commission, and the International Monetary Fund).
And, given a new leadership’s caution as it establishes its power, reforms will occur at a snail’s pace, making social and political unrest more likely.
But, as everyone kicks the can down the road, the can is getting heavier and, in the major emerging markets and advanced economies alike, is approaching a brick wall.
There have also been calls for sponsors, including McDonalds, Visa, Coca-Cola, Adidas, Budweiser, Gazprom, KIA, and Hyundai, to place pressure on FIFA and Qatar to improve working conditions.
Globalization should force managers – and all of us – to do some serious thinking about labor practices around the world.
In this sense, the larger the company, the greater its responsibility.
Companies are made up of people.
American mobsters have had a major interest in boxing, for example.
This did not start under Blatter. It was his predecessor, the sinister Brazilian João Havelange, who turned FIFA into a corrupt and vastly rich empire by incorporating more and more developing countries, whose votes for the bosses were bought with all manner of lucrative marketing and media deals.
Things have changed since the days when venal men from poor countries were paid off to further Western political or commercial interests. This still occurs, of course.
This is the most irritating aspect of Blatter’s FIFA.
As medical advances and technological developments have helped cancer patients in high-income countries to live longer – to the extent that some forms of cancer have effectively become chronic conditions – those in low-income countries continue to die young.
Then there is hepB, which is over 50 times more infectious than HIV and often passed from mother to child before or shortly after birth, increasing the likelihood of liver cancer later in life.
But the GAVI Alliance intervened to ensure that this is no longer a concern with hepB, and it is unlikely to occur with HPV.
Meanwhile, people in developing countries lack access to simple and effective tools for preventing several of the most common cancers.
Perhaps they do.
Sometimes switching from the “bad” to the corresponding “good” is simply a matter of semantics: to fight against racism is to fight for nondiscrimination.
That has not been Uganda’s experience.
As Francis Fukuyama has pointed out, the development of a capable state that is accountable and ruled by law is one of the crowning achievements of human civilization.
For some, that is a price worth paying; for others, the costs seem too high.
An undifferentiated approach towards political Islamism that fails to distinguish between those who reject violence and those who resort to terror only facilitates the extremists’ work, for they emerge as champions of causes that do not reflect their true goals.
Intelligence forces in authoritarian states are either highly centralized or tend to become autonomous power centers.
The right to public speech and peaceful assembly must be defended for those who feel marginalized and indignant at what they – and most Europeans – view as injustices committed against the Palestinians, the Chechens, and the Iraqis.
Terrorism is nothing new, nor is it a single enemy.
Terrorists in the mid-20th century tended to have relatively well-defined political objectives, which were often ill-served by mass murder.
In the 1970's, the Palestinian attack on Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics and attacks by groups like the Red Brigades galvanized world attention at the cost of dozens of lives.
Deliberate killing of non-combatants (in war or not) is condemned by most major religions, including Islam.
Countries cooperate out of self-interest, but a country's soft or attractive power, not only its military might, affects the degree of cooperation.
Clearly, it wonâ€™t be the last.
At the same time, as the British have shown, groups like al-Qaeda are best dealt with by good intelligence.
With American influence at low ebb, the world is in danger of sliding into a vicious cycle of escalating violence.
The ratio of total financial assets (stocks, bonds, and bank deposits) to GDP in the United Kingdom was about 100% in 1980, while by 2006 it had risen to around 440%.
Investment banks with leverage of more than 30 times their capital in early 2007 are now down to little more than ten times.
As Haldane puts it, “banking became the goose laying the golden eggs.”
They are typically very astute at risk management, unlike many of the banks that dramatically increased their leverage – and thus their risks – during the last 20 years.
There will be winners and losers, of course, but systematic sectoral out-performance looks unlikely.
Diamond started to fight back, pointing an accusatory finger at the Bank of England.
Bigger companies, with more complex balance sheets, have more places to hide them.
The final lesson is that the big showdowns between democracy and big bankers are still to come – both in the United States and in continental Europe.
Now, given the profound sovereign-debt crisis in the eurozone periphery, government defaults threaten to take down the big banks.
The lessons of 1914 are about more than simply the dangers of national animosities.
Economic warfare, if implemented in full, would wreck Germany’s financial system and force it out of any military conflict.
They were convinced that Germany and the US were growing stronger year by year, while British power would erode.
Chinese banks are being pushed to expand their role in global commerce.
NEW YORK – Recent market volatility – in emerging and developed economies alike – is showing once again how badly ratings agencies and investors can err in assessing countries’ economic and financial vulnerabilities.
For many investors, credit ratings dictate where and how much they can invest.
As we have seen in recent crises, private risk taking and debt are socialized when a crisis occurs.
Other emerging markets also look fragile and at risk of an eventual downgrade.
But is the recovery of asset prices driven by economic fundamentals?
Worse, the recovery is likely to be anemic and sub-par – well below potential for a couple of years, if not longer – as the burden of debts and leverage of the private sector combine with rising public sector debts to limit the ability of households, financial firms, and corporations to lend, borrow, spend, consume, and invest.
As a result, one cannot rule out that by late 2010 or 2011, a perfect storm of oil above $100 a barrel, rising government-bond yields, and tax increases (as governments seek to avoid debt-refinancing risks) may lead to a renewed growth slowdown, if not an outright double-dip recession.
Like the view that running away from lions provokes them to eat you, there is a grain of truth in the view that banks fail because depositors panic.
Until the financial reforms adopted since the crisis, this “shadow” banking system operated outside the regulatory regime that applied to traditional deposit-taking banks.
Why were we all taken in by the idea that we could make ourselves collectively richer by selling each other overpriced equities and houses? We were collectively irrational, but that is no explanation.
Perhaps ordinary citizens always knew that when they sold houses for real gains, ultimately they were profiting at someone else’s expense.
Indeed, Laos was among the worst-affected countries.
Looking back at the crisis a decade later, we can see more clearly how wrong the diagnosis, prescription, and prognosis of the IMF and United States Treasury were.
Whether US investors had greater expertise in banking in emerging markets may be debatable; that they had greater expertise in tax avoidance is not.
Nor, therefore, is it surprising that the world is once again facing a period of global financial instability, with uncertain outcomes for the world’s economies.


At his afternoon briefing, White House press secretary Jay Carney confirmed that Obama was indeed unharmed.
The first mover’s algorithm worked, regardless of the story’s veracity.
But their efforts will not be enough.
Empirically, few firms get this right: America’s National Public Radio and the BBC were both recently hacked by the SEA, while McDonald’s and Burger King recently had their Twitter accounts compromised.
Financial Re-Regulation and Democracy
And that leaves open the question: can we trust them? To me, the answer is an unambiguous no, which is why we need to “hard-wire” more of the regulatory framework.
But the criteria for judgment are clear: the new law must curb the practices that jeopardized the entire global economy, and reorient the financial system towards its proper tasks – managing risk, allocating capital, providing credit (especially to small- and medium-sized enterprises), and operating an efficient payments system.
There are many ways of curbing big banks’ excesses.
But in the last seven years, since central banks in developed countries pushed down their base rates almost to zero, we have seen a First-World version of financial repression.
Not surprisingly, central banks do not like this argument.
A further distortion stems from the prudential regulation adopted in reaction to the global financial crisis.
Furthermore, excess savings could be more than just a cyclical phenomenon.
This process, slow at first, has been driven by the combined impact of two sets of durable forces.
As a result of these two factors, established institutions – particularly the large banks – will be inclined to do fewer things for fewer people, despite being flush with liquidity provided by central banks (the “liquidity paradox”).
Jamie Dimon, the CEO of JPMorgan Chase, expressed it well in his 2015 shareholder letter, observing that “Silicon Valley” is coming.
WASHINGTON, DC – At least since the fall of 2008, leading economies’ officials have agreed – in principle – that something must be done about financial firms that are “too big to fail.”
Bear Stearns’ shareholders did not do well and much of its management immediately left the scene, but creditors were fully protected (in fact, ensuring this protection was a central motivation for the Fed’s intervention).
There is, arguably, better communication than there was before 2008, but when the chips are down, this will be worth little.
Unfortunately, the failure of the international FSB approach means that the Fed must largely go it alone.
There are many other groupings.
I was a member of the FSF for five years.
They would also record that pressure from the FSB has accelerated the work of sectoral regulators. The second Basel accord took more than a decade to conclude; Basel 3 was drawn up in little more than 24 months (though implementation is taking quite long).
Unlike the World Trade Organization, for example, no international treaty underpins the FSB, which means that countries cannot be sanctioned for failing to implement the standards to which they are ostensibly committed.
In the 1990’s, Argentina tied its hands with a dollar-pegged currency in order to enhance its credibility as a borrower.
If the fallout of the New York decision is an extensive Argentine default on other obligations, foreign trade will become practically impossible, many goods will become scarce, and domestic inflation will increase further.
Latin America experienced this dilemma in the 1980’s, when its debt arithmetic had become unsustainable.
The emergence of inextinguishable debt replicates other troubling aspects of contemporary life.
Those who cannot forget the past are condemned to inflate it.
Such “super-equivalence” or, more colloquially, “gold-plating” creates inconsistencies across jurisdictions, thereby facilitating regulatory arbitrage.
So what can be done? The FMLC makes four important recommendations.
Regulatory uncertainty may not seem like the most exciting topic, which is probably why the FMLC report has attracted so little attention.
Indeed, it is no surprise that the most brutish and violent groups in the world, such as Nigeria’s Boko Haram, attack education.
The results have been remarkable: millions of lives have been saved, and economic growth has been boosted.
The additional financing required is modest.
Arab governments would want to ensure that all Arabic-speaking children receive a decent ICT-backed education; Brazil and Portugal would surely contribute to ensure that Africa’s many Portuguese speakers benefit from scaled-up education systems.
The decision has been postponed until early next year.
One country’s inflow of EU money is thus another country’s outflow – and these are grants, not loans.
Following a request by a member state, the Commission would be entitled to borrow on capital markets under the implicit EU budget guarantee, with the maximum amount determined by the size of the country’s unused (pre-allocated) Structural and Cohesion Funds.
Crises are typically associated with a drop not only in actual growth, but also in a country’s growth potential, owing to deferred investment.
The wind farms that we built convert the wind’s kinetic energy into electricity.
The US Department of Energy now provides an upfront payment to wind developers equal to 30% of costs.
Fifteen months ago, in a submission to the Economic Affairs Committee of the House of Lords, I predicted that all existing UK projects except Thanet Offshore Wind would be abandoned or postponed unless Parliament radically altered its Renewable Obligation Certificates (ROC) scheme.
Financing the Fight against Climate Change
But that is not the case.
The returns such projects could generate go beyond addressing carbon emissions.
This means that the developed countries that lend the SDRs would incur no interest expense and no responsibility for repayment. There are some serious technical problems involved in offsetting the interest income against the interest expense, particularly in the United States, but the net effect would be a wash.
Yet it could make the difference between success and failure in Copenhagen.
It will require a mix of new public sources, a scaling-up of existing public sources, and increased private flows.
We need to make progress on establishing the Copenhagen Green Climate Fund, including, possibly, regional and thematic vehicles, such as an Africa Green Fund.
Germany’s unemployment rate this past summer was around 5.5%, and its youth unemployment rate was around 8% – remarkably low compared with many other high-income economies.
But, in energy-efficient Switzerland, energy use is just 100 kg per $1,000 of GDP, and in Demark it is just 110 kg, compared with 190 kg in the US.
Brazil is the recent pacesetter, markedly expanding public education and systematically attacking remaining pockets of poverty through targeted transfer programs.
Of course, back in the real world, most countries will not achieve such bliss anytime soon.
In the US, for example, the monetary base more than doubled in a year.
First, different countries have different capacities to sustain public debt, depending on their initial deficit levels, existing debt burden, payment history, and policy credibility.
Firewalls to Freedom
Hundreds of thousands of people are employed as freelance Web commentators, working to spin discussions in chat rooms and on blogs in a more patriotic, pro-government direction.
A series of cyber-attacks followed, and was so devastating that the entire service – with its millions of other blogs – crashed, forcing LiveJournal administrators to delete his account temporarily.
Moreover, Li has called upon the banking sector to reinvigorate idle capital and allocate incremental capital more effectively.
Cash-strapped local governments began seizing farmland in order to sell it to commercial real-estate developers, while accumulating massive debt through off-balance-sheet loans and short-term interbank funding to finance local-government investment vehicles and real-estate investment.
In recent years, the central government has tightened its control over the banking sector, undermining the financial system’s development, not least by impeding banks’ ability to assess credit risk.
BOSTON – The Bible enjoins us to do better unto our children than we would do unto ourselves: “From generation to generation.”
In addition, it doesn’t ignore the positive – the current and future taxes available to cover these liabilities.
Even the official debt numbers are starting to record the magnitude of what’s coming. Indeed, by 2017, just six years from now, official US debt will exceed 90% of GDP – the value that Carmen Reinhart, Kenneth Rogoff, and other prominent economists believe is an historical indicator of insolvency.
In 1965, the US national saving rate and net domestic investment rate were 15.7% and 14%, respectively.
This may sound like a worst-case scenario, but in my view it is the most likely one: woe unto our children – and our parents.
Moreover, the critics object, the evidence in support of expansionary fiscal consolidations is flawed.
They understand that their countries’ fiscal positions are unsustainable.
Fiscal velocity may be considerable – that is, deficits may be large – but there is no sign of a brick wall ahead.
It is almost as if governments like Britain’s are attempting to manipulate the private sector into believing that the dire conditions required for an expansionary fiscal consolidation have already been met.
The second most serious problem is the looming long-term explosion in the costs of America’s health care programs.
Many of these things are, and will be, expensive.
Moreover, the overall level of spending is likely to be large.
At a time when every component of private demand was collapsing, the boost from higher government spending and lower taxes stopped the global economy’s free-fall and created the basis for recovery.
On one hand, stimulus had become a dirty word – even within the Obama administration – well before the Republicans’ mid-term election victory ruled out another round altogether.
In the United Kingdom, the new government gave several reasons for front-loading fiscal consolidation.
But all debt is not created equal.
This narrow, short-term focus differs from the approach taken for publicly traded companies, for which the strength of the balance sheet and the economy’s potential are emphasized, alongside annual income statements.
To be sure, some progress is being made toward bringing longer-term considerations into annual budget rules.
If the marginal real interest rate is 1%, an increase in public investment would actually reduce future indebtedness.
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble is politically committed to outdoing his country’s tough domestic fiscal framework to secure what he calls a “black zero” budget.
In any case, a rating change would hardly affect funding costs in the current low-yield environment, as lower-rated sovereigns have demonstrated.
In part, this means that existing infrastructure projects that are supposed to be financed from national budgets could be funded by the EIB.
NEW YORK – The world’s economies are becoming more interdependent than ever, but economic nationalism, protectionism, and beggar-thy-neighbor attitudes are threatening the bonds of trust and cooperation that a truly globalized economy requires.
Although the proliferation of bilateral trade agreements around the world is a positive development, the global economy will suffer enormously if these deals end up coming at the expense of comprehensive agreements, which can do exponentially more to foster global growth.
Finally, innovation must be promoted as a long-term generator of growth.
Private-sector deleveraging continued, but was counter-balanced by rising public-sector deficits and debt.
First, it would include credible plans in Europe and the US to restore fiscal balance.
America’s reluctance to target areas of weakness or fragility leaves the impression externally that QE2’s real goal is to weaken the dollar.
That structural shift, in combination with the renminbi’s strengthening effective real exchange rate relative to the dollar, owing to inflation and rapidly rising wages in export sectors, offers hope that China’s surplus will fall.
The problem is that it can’t, even with a depreciating currency.
Since the Plan’s introduction, China’s current-account surplus as a share of GDP has indeed fallen.
While the increase in investment reduced the saving/GDP ratio, the resulting increase in imports lowered the trade surplus/GDP ratio.
The worsening terms of trade have been a major factor contributing to the decline in the current-account surplus in recent years.
The number of people covered by basic old-age insurance, unemployment insurance, workers’ compensation, and maternity insurance has risen substantially.
Fixing America’s Broken Housing Market
This stance is perplexing and possibly dangerous.
The Federal Reserve Board is no longer the lender of last resort, but the lender of first resort.
Resuscitating the housing market is all the more difficult for two reasons.
What is needed is a quick write-down of the value of the mortgages.
The problem is certainly not a lack of commitments, including those made at the Rio Earth Summit in 1992.
Further attempts to sustainably manage the marine environment emerged 10 years after the Rio meeting, at the World Summit on Sustainable Development in Johannesburg, South Africa.
This critical shortcoming must be resolved.
Employment in fisheries in many countries is projected to grow again over the coming decades as depleted stocks recover.
By identifying the problems and envisioning the preferred solution, one can define the set of constraints into which technological innovation fits, and establish a clear, albeit often difficult, path to its realization.
Early in my career, this reaction troubled me; it made me wonder whether I had, in fact, overlooked something obvious.
But only about 15% of the drugs that the US Food and Drug Administration has approved recently were developed by the same company that markets and sells them, meaning that many major pharmaceutical companies depend on the innovation ecosystem to advance their products.
With an innovation ecosystem organized along these lines, “obvious” advances could occur significantly faster.
Second, Moreno-Ocampo has inexplicably decided to indict only Sudan’s president and not also the other members of the political and military leadership that together with him have planned, ordered, and organized the massive crimes in Darfur.
Furthermore, Moreno-Ocampo has inferred al-Bashir’s genocidal intent from a set of facts and conduct that in his view amount to a clear indication of such intent.
But European Union leaders remain fixated on old priorities – a lack of vision evident in negotiations over the EU’s 2014-2020 Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF).
Given that renewable energy is one of the world’s fastest-growing sectors, such investment could have a significant impact on future GDP growth and job creation.
But these tools have not always been used as effectively as possible.
Bargaining between member states leads to lowest-common-denominator budgets that appease vested interests but fail to support EU member states’ shared ambitions.
Missing Growth Multipliers
The April 2010 report forecast a US growth rate of roughly 2.5% annually in 2012-2013; current projections put the rate a little higher than 2%.
The eurozone has been at the epicenter of this contractionary force on global growth.
And, given that this year’s growth has largely already occurred, Germany’s economy has now plateaued – and could even be contracting.
These range from improving information about grain stocks and developing better weather-forecasting methods to strengthening social safety nets for the poor and helping small farmers benefit from tenders from humanitarian purchasers such as the World Food Program.
If managed in ways that are transparent and participatory, and if countries combine their efforts regionally, food reserves can be an effective way to boost sellers’ market power and counteract speculation by traders, thereby limiting price volatility.
By forming cooperatives, they can move up the value chain into the processing, packaging, and marketing of their produce.
And agriculture is also a major culprit in climate change, responsible for 33% of all greenhouse-gas emissions if deforestation for cultivation and pastures is included in the tally.
But what we need more urgently are architects to design a more fire-resistant system.
Even though the global economy today looks relatively robust in general, international economic cooperation is more fragile now than at any moment in the post-1945 world.
Emerging-market policymakers in big countries such as Brazil, China, and Turkey routinely attack the US and its monetary policy as a source of inflation, social tension, and political instability.
The panic about bread that swept France in 1789, and the inability of the government to guarantee supplies, destroyed the ancien regime.
The same kind of unrest, in which the countryside is pitted against the town, with both sides demanding more rights, could undermine the political order in China and other big emerging-market economies.
And some analysts in Seoul believe that a dicey political succession in Pyongyang, combined with food shortages in the countryside, could prove too much for the North Korean regime to handle.
For South Koreans, whether to care for hungry North Koreans, who are kith and kin, will be a much tougher decision than for others who see only a distant security problem.
Will the US take measures to reassure China? How would a unified Korea affect attitudes in Japan?
EU countries subsidized bio-fuels production with €3.7 billion in 2006, and intend to cover 8% of their motor fuels from biological sources by 2015 and 20% by 2020.
The perversity of the first alternative is obvious: there is no surplus food production in the world.
The remaining alternative is to use land that has not previously been used commercially.
This would mean using agricultural and other waste, which would otherwise rot and produce nearly equal amounts of CO2 and methane, an even more dangerous greenhouse gas.
Not many delegates here in Geneva, even from the nuclear-armed states, would disagree with any of these assessments. But it is extraordinary how much of the disembodied calculus of my Woody Allen-lookalike still prevails in today’s nuclear policymaking.
The implications of this stance are profoundly troubling.
It’s that time again: the World Cup is upon us.
The nature of the game encourages this: the speed, the collective aggression.
Clearly, then, whatever de Coubertin might have hoped, cosmopolitanism and cross-cultural brotherhood comes less naturally to human beings than the raw emotions of the tribe.
Tribal emotions are embarrassing, and dangerous when given free reign.
Even though some football games have provoked violence, and in one case even a war, they might have served the positive purpose of containing our more savage impulses by deflecting them onto a mere sport.
As a famous Dutch soccer coach once said, not in jest: “Soccer is war.”
Games between Holland and Germany, for example, or Germany and Poland, tended, until very recently, to be reenactments of the war; either – and most commonly – as melancholy replays of wartime defeat, or as sweet revenge.
When France won the World Cup in 1998, the French liked to point out the ethnic diversity of their team.
Perhaps it was due to the absence of England, whose fans include the last bands of amateur warriors.
But whether “possible” becomes “eventual” remains very much an open question.
Yet this historical evidence is not enough to unite European sentiment in favor of Turkey’s EU membership.
By contrast, Turkey’s large, secular intellectual community, whose cultural background is European, and from which the Turkish state recruits most of its executives, has remained in Istanbul and Ankara.
Indeed, by integrating Turkey, Europe would show that it is not a Christian club, that the supposed “clash of civilizations” need not be fatal, and that the European project, born out of a desire for reconciliation and the need to promote development, can spread its benefits far beyond the Western half of Europe.
And the rest of the world? A global savings glut would suggest that rebalancing the world economy requires policies to boost America’s savings rate and to increase non-US households’ consumption.
People like me who have been cheerleaders for international integration in trade and finance, as well as for reductions in tariffs and other barriers, have cited three benefits:
It would be nice to believe that when the tide of dollar-denominated securities ebbs, the flows of finance currently directed at America will smoothly shift course and boost investment in Asia. But don’t count on it, especially considering the share of marginal investment in Asia that is aimed, one way or another, at exporting to the American market.
There are even deeper similarities.
This time, they hold the better cards.
These regimes can only read the West’s dithering as a green light for their cynical agendas.
The logic of intervention goes through cycles.
Indeed, ignorance seems to be a source of strength for the candidates still in the race.
Foreign visitors to the US often comment that Americans are probably among the most patriotic people in the world, and are becoming much more so.
Even today, America’s economy remains one of its most admired features in the rest of the world – including in China.
Latin America Between Kennan and Obama
This, he argued, had produced a “subconscious recognition of the failure of group efforts,” which manifested itself “in an exaggerated self-centeredness and egotism.”
The US, he believed, should emphasize its position as a great power – one that needed Latin America far less than Latin America needed the US.
Nowhere is this more apparent than in Obama’s recent executive order imposing sanctions on seven mid-level Venezuelan law-enforcement and military officials, who are accused of violating protesters’ rights during last year’s anti-government demonstrations.
The Fed has given ordinary banks direct access to its credit facilities, and the ECB no longer rations the supply of base money, instead providing as much liquidity as banks demand.
It is impossible to infer solely from an increase in the volume of transactions how the price of oil will change.
The most recent data show that the price index in January was up by only 0.9% year on year.
But the ECB, whose only mandate is to maintain price stability, cannot pursue this policy without fundamental changes in legislation.
WARSAW – Some complain that the European Union lacks a “worldview.”
The global financial and economic crisis may also be a catalyst for promoting Europe’s vision of a new world order.
Transferring more areas of responsibility, such as foreign aid and development policies, to EU institutions helps the Union to adapt to new international realities by underpinning its growing importance as Europe’s decision-making center.
EU leaders lament Ukraine’s political divisions and slow pace of reform, and the country’s leaders need to address these criticisms. But lack of progress also reflects the EU’s failure to embrace Ukraine.
MANILA – China’s government has just announced that Premier Wen Jiabao will be the main speaker at the 2009 Boao Forum for Asia, where the roster of leaders expected to participate is a virtual Who’s Who of the continent: President Asif Ali Zardari of Pakistan, President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan, President Faure Gnassingbe of Togo, Prime Minister S. Bayar of Mongolia, Prime Minister Thein Sein of Myanmar, Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung of Vietnam, Prime Minister John Key of New Zealand, and Kopsak Saphawasu, Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand.
That mission’s highlight was my dialogue with Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou, who stressed the importance of connecting Taiwan to the China-ASEAN Free Trade Area (CAFTA) in the light of warmer relations developing between the Mainland and Taiwan.
At this time of worldwide uncertainty, Asia-Pacific leaders must redouble their efforts to exploit their partnerships and strategic combinations in order to foster stability and growth.
But there is a major obstacle to easing tensions: the proposed $6.5 billion sale by the United States to Taiwan of 30 Apache attack helicopters and 330 Patriot missiles.
This may cow some of Syria’s civilian population in the short term, but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage, and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Assad and his cronies down the line.
But regional and international pressure on Assad has been ineffective. While the Arab League seemed to act decisively last November when it suspended Syria’s membership, the military-observer mission that it sent to Syria was a farce.
Recognizing the opposition as the legitimate government of Syria, as was done in Libya, would give Assad’s foes a boost, but, so far, they lack the gravitas that such a bold measure would require.
Five months later, in Paris, the world’s governments will sign a new global agreement to control human-induced climate change and channel funds toward climate-safe energy, building on the progress achieved earlier this month in negotiations in Lima, Peru.
Perhaps they were just lucky this year, but their divestment decision makes long-term sense, because it correctly anticipates the future policy shift away from fossil fuels and toward low-carbon energy.
Carbon taxes also offer governments a crucial source of revenue for future investment in low-carbon energy.
The math is simple.
Divestment is indeed one answer, for several reasons.
Yet there is also an ethically responsible and practical alternative to divestment that can help steer fossil-fuel companies toward the low-carbon future.
In 1990, Harvard divested completely from tobacco companies.
•&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Will the company agree to end any exploration and development of unconventional reserves (for example, in the Arctic and much of the Canadian oil sands) that science has shown to be inconsistent with the 2º limit?
What the data do show are economic ills rooted in the values and beliefs of Greek society.
The result is that competition for market share is weak and there are few firms with new ideas.
Greece’s much-lauded shipowners, for example, were too slow to adapt to containerization, and thus lost their market share.
Thus, Greece went from boom to outright slump.
NEW YORK – The United Nations Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen this year will be the moment in history when humanity can rise to the challenge and decisively deal with the issue.
First, clarity is needed on ambitious, legally binding emission-reduction targets for industrialized countries.
The magnitude of action by developing countries will largely depend on the effective delivery of finance and clean technology through international cooperative action.
If significant financial resources are to be generated for mitigation and adaptation, developing countries will want a representative say in how that money is to be allocated and spent.
The organization with which I was longest and most closely associated, the International Crisis Group (ICG), is an unusual combination of all three categories. It is field-based in a way that most operational organizations are, but that think tanks and advocacy organizations are not.
The most successful tend to be those that find a clear niche and stick to it.
Four Steps to US Fiscal Health
Moreover, the US should look hard at tax breaks that act like hidden spending programs.
As the IMF argues, if applied across the G-20, a Financial Activities Tax would help constrain the worst features of the financial system and reduce the competitive distortions created by the megabanks.
This year’s health-care reform legislation, the Affordable Care Act (ACA), is a starting point.
As prices rise, people don’t want to hold cash in their pockets or their bank accounts – its value is melting away every day – so they step up the pace at which they spend, trying to get their wealth out of depreciating cash and into real assets that are worth something.
With fewer safe, money-yielding assets in the financial market, the price of safe wealth rises.
No one is willing to buy assets and take on additional uncertainty, because everyone fears that somebody else knows more than they do – namely, that anyone would be a fool to buy.
Even before French President Charles de Gaulle took office in 1958, he foresaw the wave of revolutionary nationalism that would soon sweep across Africa, Asia, Latin America, and the Middle East.
The ensuing economic difficulties were exacerbated under President François Mitterrand, whose prime minister, Pierre Bérégovoy, pursued a strong French franc – a policy that ultimately led to a massive 100% devaluation of the CFA franc in 1994.
With the establishment of ECOWAS, the Franc Zone countries created two sub-regional groupings, WAEMU and CEMAC, in a bid to curb British, American, and Nigerian influence. As a result, West African countries are mostly missing out on Africa’s current revival – and the prospect of a prolonged period of stagnation in the eurozone certainly won’t help.
Now he considers it the best currency in the world.
In his book Changer de destin (Changing Destiny), published in February, he affirms that France’s message will continue to be a universal one – a stance reminiscent of the birth in 1789 of the French Republic, which, like the United States, was originally conceived as the triumph of liberty and democracy.
Last but not least, Hollande is not likely to call into question Sarkozy’s decision in 2009 to reintegrate France into NATO’s military command.
While Merkel opposes Hollande’s proposal to create Eurobonds with a view to financing industrial projects, they cannot afford to waste time in reassuring jittery markets with a message of cohesion.
LONDON – France’s new president, François Hollande, has achieved a remarkable series of political victories – at home and in Europe – since his election in May.
France’s current-account deficit has risen to more than 2% of GDP, even as its economic growth has ground to a halt.
The idea behind the policy is that demand for labor is a constant, and that this fixed number of aggregate working hours required by employers to meet final demand can be spread more evenly among workers to reduce unemployment.
For mainstream French politicians, renouncing the European project to buy the time required to restore competitiveness is as unthinkable as is the logical alternative: an all-out push for full European political union.
Advances in prevention and treatment have reduced annual HIV infections by one-third over the past decade, and cut AIDS-related deaths by 30% over the past five years.
Infection rates continue to rise in specific regions and populations, and more than half of the people living with HIV worldwide do not even know that they have it.
The second group are “elite controllers,” who can carry HIV for ten years or more without treatment and without falling ill.
Next week, President Bush, President Chirac, and Chancellor Schroeder will meet on the cliffs of Normandy to mark the 60th anniversary of the D-Day invasions that led to the liberation of Europe.
Instead of the rule of law, there would be the law of the mafia, of terrorist groups, and of tribal militias.
At the very least, France and Germany are demanding that the Bush administration openly admit to its failure and the need for help.
But France and Germany can also block European responsibility for international order and for solidarity with a US facing possible defeat in Iraq.
The debate revolves around two major issues: austerity and integration.
And here, the EU has made three mistakes.
This would help significantly in mapping out a sensible rebalancing strategy.
Time and again, banks’ woes have affected governments’ borrowing costs, and concerns over governments’ solvency have affected banks’ balance sheets.
With growth barely visible, and dangerously low inflation causing real interest rates to rise, the weight of public and private debt has grown very heavy, and many fear that another lost decade is at hand.
So action is needed on all three fronts.
The European Commission has proposed a plan to stimulate investment spending through a new financing scheme, one that we hope will succeed.
In energy, transport, and the digital sector, to name just a few, regulators must set the right parameters and ensure predictability.
We propose injecting new European public money into the development of risk-sharing instruments and vehicles that support equity investment.
PARIS – France has now conducted its ninth presidential election under direct universal suffrage.
In fact, when François Mitterand was elected in 1981, the left had been out of power since 1957.
On the contrary, the left’s return to power appears to be an entirely normal, almost trivial, example of alternation in government.
A social and political correction was necessary, and it has occurred with a vengeance unique to France.
The Socialists can govern without limits, so it is up to them to govern well.
Hungarians and Romanians, after nine centuries of hatred and wars, are embarking on the same process. Greece has just decided to support the opening of negotiations for Turkey’s entry into the EU in the next twelve years.
If it does, the result will be an earthquake.
It smacks of usurpation and is inciting many of the French to vote their anger.
The debate in France is still raging, and nothing is yet lost.
Some French see the EU as a community where national interests inexorably converge. At the other extreme is the Gaullist belief that the EU is nothing more than a “power multiplier” for France to defend its own national interests.
He will need to demonstrate that France no longer treats Europe as a scapegoat for its own economic troubles – a ploy that merely marginalizes France in economic debates. Thus, polemics against the European Central Bank’s independence and the damaging effect of “the high euro” will have to stop.
Next, France and the EU must find a new model for dealing with Russia. Here, the Union is confronted with a dilemma.
One month to the day after terrorists killed 130 people in Paris, the French once again demonstrated clear-eyed stoicism.
They might use the first ballot to express their anger at the government and discontent with the system, but they know that the FN is made up of incompetent extremists.
The country’s pride and sense of mission, inherited from the Ancien Régime and reinforced by the French Revolution, may not have prevented collaboration with Nazi Germany under the Vichy government; but it took a disastrous defeat to force France to bend its knee to the far right.
A European political union could also make Europe a power comparable to the United States, and thereby give France, with its sophisticated foreign service, an important role in European and world affairs.
The pro-euro politicians ignored economists’ warnings that imposing a single currency on a dozen heterogeneous countries was bound to create serious economic problems.
Spain was the first to insist that it could not meet the conditions to which it had just agreed, and other countries will soon follow.
If we are to see a stronger Europe emerge from today’s challenges, visionary French leadership is needed again.
Only by reinforcing open trading and financial relations across Europe can we hope to subdue today’s crisis.
To believe that such a vision can work for Russia, Ukraine, and Europe is not wishful thinking, but rests on the successful experience of France and Germany in promoting amity.
Yes, these are dark times, and all politicians want to protect their voters.
Bayrou criticizes the “nationalist obsession” of his competitors, but he supports abrogating the jus soli (the right to obtain French nationality by birth) for people from the French island of Mayotte, owing to massive inflows of pregnant women to the island.
The identity crisis now roiling France is fueled by the conjunction of many factors: globalization, which produces uncertainty, the European Union, which curtails the freedom of national leaders, American strategic dominance, which has reduced France’s position in the world, and the rising Asian powers.
Today’s debate over national identity arises from this tension, so it’s not surprising that it has become a central issue of the presidential campaign.
France is currently one of Europe’s laggards, only slightly ahead of Italy and Portugal.
By 2008, the French rate can be expected to decline only to 8.2%, while German unemployment is anticipated to fall to 6.3%.
Small wonder, then, that Germany’s economy rockets when the world’s demand for capital goods soars.
The French government share in GDP is 54%, while Germany’s is only 47%.
All candidates should be known by the end of January – the deadline for printing the ballots.
Preaching privatization and social repression, he has placed himself to the right of the right, hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to Jean-Marie Le Pen’s “fascistoid” National Front for the past 20 years.
Ever since de Gaulle, all candidates for the French presidency who started too early have lost.
A repeat of this scenario seems possible: on the left, outside of the Socialist Party, there are already four announced candidates, and a fifth is likely.
Until recently, Royal – who now is merely the head of one France’s 22 regional governments – was best known as the non-married partner of François Hollande, the Socialist Party leader.
But, while other politicians do not regard these matters as politically important, they mean a lot to most ordinary citizens.
Even though, like the majority of France’s political class, she was educated at Ecole Nationale d’Administration (ENA), she spurns the language and habits of this elite factory.
Few voters will support someone whose political program is based only on education and defense of the family.
France’s Third Man
In the 2002 presidential election, frustration with the system fueled strong support for the extremes, with Jean-Marie Le Pen, the leader of the far right, qualifying for the second-round runoff.
So it is too early to say whether Bayrou can reach the second round.
France is a marvelously paradoxical country, so the search for novelty, if not modernity, could lead to the reinvention of the Fourth Republic, a parliamentary regime characterized by its weaknesses and instability.
जीएम फसलें (जिन्हें आनुवांशिक रूप से इंजिनीयर्ड या बायोटेक्नोलॉजी फसलें भी कहा जाता है) बार-बार सुरक्षित साबित हुई हैं और सारी दुनिया में कृषि उत्पादकता बढ़ाने में उनका सफलतापूर्वक इस्तेमाल किया जाता है. पर नौकरशाही, दुष्प्रचार और गुमराह करने वाली सूचना लाखों अफ्रीकी किसानों को, जिनमें केन्या के किसान भी शामिल हैं, उस तकनीकी तक पहुंच बनाने से रोकती है जो उनके जीवन स्तर को सुधार सकती है और भोजन की कमी को दूर करने में मददगार है.
कृषि तकनीकी अपनाने में अगुआ बन कर केन्या के किसान भी समान लाभ ले सकेंगे इसमें कोई संदेह नहीं. केन्या में एक-तिहाई खाद्य उत्पादन छोटे किसानों द्वारा किया जाता है. ये वही किसान हैं जो दुनिया में 90% जीएम फसलें उपजाते हैं. केन्या वासी उम्मीद है कि कीट-प्रतिरोधी मक्का जैसी नई जीएम किस्मों को उगा कर भारी लाभ ले सकते हैं जिनका स्थानीय वैज्ञानिकों द्वारा विकास किया जा रहा है.
यही कारण है कि फसल की नई किस्मों के स्वास्थ्य व सुरक्षा के बारे में निर्णय वैज्ञानिक प्रमाणों पर आधारित होने चाहिए ना कि उनके बारे में राजनीतिक पूर्वाग्रहों और निराधार ‘नैतिक’ तर्कों से फैसला लिया जाए. नीति निर्धारण में प्रमाण-आधारित रवैया अपना कर केन्या के अधिकारीगण अपने देश में लाखों जीवन सुधार सकते हैं और समूचे महाद्वीप के लिए एक अमूल्य मिसाल भी कायम कर सकते हैं.
Traditionally, British law imposed two main limitations on the “right to free speech.” The first prohibited the use of words or expressions likely to disrupt public order; the second was the law against libel.
France has made it illegal to deny any “internationally recognized crimes against humanity.”
Restrictions on certain areas of historical inquiry are based on the opposite premise: the truth is known, and it is impious to question it.
It has become taboo to describe homosexuality as a “perversion,” though this was precisely the word used in the 1960’s by the radical philosopher Herbert Marcuse (who was praising homosexuality as an expression of dissent).
You know that a doctrine is in trouble when not even those claiming to defend it understand what it means.
In one episode, a trainer fell into the pool and Tilly and two other whales drowned him.
David Phillips, director of the International Marine Mammal Project for the Earth Island Institute, which led the efforts to rehabilitate the orca Keiko – made famous by the movie Free Willy – said “Orcas deserve a better fate than living in cramped pools.”
That decision followed an undercover investigation by Animal Defenders International, which exposed shocking abuse of circus animals.
Until our governments take action, we should avoid supporting places where captive wild animals perform for our amusement.
When the Doha trade round was launched shortly after September 11, 2001, there was plenty of international goodwill. But disenchantment with globalization – and, in some regions, fear of immigration– has since set in.
Moreover, the long-term impact of free trade is huge.
Moreover, it may well hurt other poor countries – thereby worsening inequality – by encouraging resources to be allocated to activities that become uncompetitive following the next World Trade Organization agreement.
The economic logic is compelling: removing trade and migration barriers would be an exceptionally wise investment.
Highly skilled and better-educated respondents tend to be considerably more pro-free trade than blue-collar workers are.
Even more opposed the change.
But what about technological innovation, which, like trade, often leaves some people worse off. Here, few students would condone blocking technological progress.
That is a key reason why we believe that technological progress should run its course, despite its short-run destructive effects on some.
Free Trade Breakdown
Portugal could produce wine cheaply, whereas Great Britain could produce cloth much more cheaply than wine.
Anderson showed that if developing countries cut their tariffs by the same proportion as high-income countries, and services and investment were also liberalized, the annual global gains could climb to $120 billion, with $17 billion going to the world's poorest countries by 2015.
South Korea liberalized trade in 1965, Chile in 1974, and India in 1991; all saw annual growth rates increase by several percentage points thereafter.
Still, there are few celebrity campaigners calling on politicians to sort out the Doha Round.
While a nation has a clear interest in the benefits of free and open trade, it also has a vital interest in its citizens’ safety.
In a safer world, the deal would go unnoticed – and rightfully so.
This would mean a loss for the US, because, sooner or later, some of the efficiency gains achieved by the Dubai firm would be passed on to US ports in the form of higher lease payments.
As the United States Congress begins to debate the Dominican Republic-Central American Free Trade Agreement (DR-CAFTA), a titanic struggle between the forces of free trade and protectionism promises to unfold.
The US exported paddy rice, for example, at a price almost 20% lower than the cost of production in 2003, making it impossible for Central Americans to compete.
Although trade with Central America represents only about 1.5% of total US trade, the outcome of the debate on DR-CAFTA will shape US trade policy – which sets the tone for other rich countries’ stance in trade talks – for years to come.
Smart trade creates balanced development, while polarizing trade rewards a small circle of winners at the expense of the many.
So almost all of Latin America is deeply affected by the current immigration climate in the US, and would benefit greatly from the type of comprehensive immigration reform that both John McCain and Barack Obama have supported. The Bush administration’s regrettable decision to build fences along the US-Mexico border, raid workplaces and housing sites, detain and deport foreigners without papers, is viewed in Latin America as being hypocritical and offensive.
The pressure to include similar provisions in the other deals would then grow.
These revised agreements should include bold, enlightened provisions for infrastructure and “social-cohesion” funds, since these can make the difference between muddling through and true success.
This time, the film that triggered riots in Cairo, Benghazi, Sana, and elsewhere is so crude and inflammatory as to seem clearly intended to elicit the outrage that it produced.
This does not diminish the irresponsibility of those who gratuitously engage in such offensive behavior, but it does make clear that outrage against their actions should not be a basis for abandoning our commitment to freedom of expression.
Twenty years ago this month, Mikhail Gorbachev began his policies of perestroika and glasnost , which led to the end of the Cold War.
This revival of the past was a big worry for West Europeans and Americans, who feared the re-emergence of historical enmities and tensions, which did indeed come to the fore in the former Yugoslavia.
His governors are also like Nicholas’s; many are governor-generals. The capitalism now being practiced is dependent on the authorities, and plays no independent role in politics.
If Russia is to move forward, its high and mighty must agree about who owns what, who makes the rules, and how to change the rules.
This calls for a kind of liberalism that is now lacking in Russia, one that stands for freedom, reform, and the nation-state.
Indeed, his arrest on March 22 is compelling evidence of the truth of his testimony about the regime’s nature, and of the danger that it poses to Venezuelans, whose freedoms apparently are being systematically stripped, and to Latin American more broadly, owing to Chávez’s example to other would-be autocrats.
It is the legalism of the barbarian, and the instinctive political philosophy of all who are in revolt against democratic norms of behavior.
It is not too late to recall Venezuela to the camp of free and democratic nations.
Ronald Lauder, president of the World Jewish Congress, said that that body saw the resolution as weakening “the rights of individuals to express their views.”
Coincidentally, in the same week that Germany and the World Jewish Congress rejected the idea that defamation of religion is an affront to human dignity, and upheld the right to freedom of expression, Germany’s highest court issued its ruling on a case brought by a Jewish organization, and two Jewish individuals.
If, on the other hand, a religion’s adherents have no right to protection against criticism of their religion, then, even in Germany, Holocaust victims and their descendants (I am one) should not be protected against advertising campaigns that, though not intended to incite hatred or violence, may cause them offense.
Israelis understand that the only reality in politics is the reality on the ground.
The creation of new settlements has often been accompanied by hostile media reporting – even within Israel – as well as international condemnation, yet the settlement train has not stopped. It continued to race ahead even during the days when Israel’s government rotated between Likud’s Yitzhak Shamir and Labor’s Shimon Peres between 1984 and 1990.
Of course, whenever the Israelis defy the world over the settlements, as is now once again happening, US and other officials “denounce” and “regret” the decision.
To those on the right, France’s oversized and intrusive government offers only a blueprint for secular decline.
The effective workweek for most workers is perhaps closer to 39 hours.
Still, France’s supersize government is hardly a source of unalloyed dynamism.
Another obstacle to applying the French model elsewhere is that France enjoys certain unique advantages that are arguably critical to its success.
Milton Friedman was not the most famous and influential economist in the world -- that honor belongs to John Maynard Keynes.
Friedman, in a 30-year campaign starting with his and Anna J. Schwartz’s A Monetary History of the United States , restored the balance.
It was simply not the case, Keynes argued, that the private incentives of those active in the marketplace were aligned with the public good.
I do not know whether Keynes or Friedman was more right in their deep orientation.
This interpretation makes a certain kind of sense, but it relies on a critical assumption.
In this case, the contamination was so bad that policymakers were unwilling to go beyond Friedman and apply Keynesian and Minskyite policies on a large enough scale to address the problems that the Great Recession presented.
By contrast, in terms of creativity, Latin American flair shines well beyond Brazil and its confirmed emerging-power status in the world to encompass countries such as Argentina, Uruguay, and even Chile.
The French team’s performance may reflect the mood of the country, but the failure of France’s international stars to jell reflected, above all, a total absence of leadership at the helm.
In 2010, “The rise and fall of Les Bleus” can be interpreted as an accelerated version of Gibbon’s study of the decline of the Roman Empire.
From 9/11 to the Arab Spring
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) emerged in late 2002 as a force in Saudi Arabia, orchestrating a spectacular attack in Riyadh in 2003.
The model works by propagating a narrative describing the severe injustices and humiliation suffered by Muslims, advancing an ideology that identifies the means to remove the grievances, and then letting sympathizers recruit themselves to Al Qaeda or initiate their own operations.
Several of its factions still uphold armed tactics, including terrorism.
From Cairo to California
Reagan captured this assumption well, recalling the sixth-century BC Chinese philosopher Lao Tzu’s famous words: “Governing a great nation is like cooking a small fish: too much handling will spoil it.”
In an April 2008 article in The Financial Times, he wrote, “Bank loan officers, in my experience, know far more about the risks and workings of their counterparties than do bank regulators.”
With a heavy and stifling bureaucracy and the prospect of a dynastic political succession, sheer lack of hope drove hundreds of thousands of Egyptians onto the streets.
There must be some principles of good government that China has developed.
This is the doctrine of “lender-of-last-resort.”
Then they freed themselves of all but the lightest contact with their political masters: they became independent technocrats, a monetary priesthood that spoke in Delphic terms obscure to mere mortals.
And it is this rise in risk premia that threatens to send the global economy into a deep recession, and turn the financial markets from a spectacle of schadenfreude into a malign source of unemployment and idle factories worldwide.
State prosecutors alleged that the party was trying to “Islamicize” the country and ultimately introduce theocracy.
The Vatican, having prohibited Italian Catholics from participating in the political life of newly united Italy for almost sixty years, lifted its ban.
After the fall of France, Maritain decided to remain in the US, where he happened to find himself after a lecture tour (the Gestapo searched his house outside Paris in vain).
Nevertheless, some body of thought that makes democracy attractive for believers – and reassures non-believers that the faithful have accepted pluralism – had to be available.  True, some of the philosophies used in the European Catholic transition to democracy – such as personalism – were rather nebulous, although it was probably their vagueness that helped to bring as many believers as possible on board.
Realizing that economics cannot be neatly separated from politics, APEC soon began to include security issues in its agenda.
APEC members, too, should use the existing umbrella of Pax Americana to accelerate economic, security, and political integration before new rivalries emerge to thwart their efforts.
Clearly, Pax Asia-Pacifica must be built on an unswerving commitment to peace among APEC's most powerful countries – the US, China, and Japan.
America’s Trouble with China
History teaches us that rising powers inevitably compete with status quo leading powers, and that this conflict often leads to war.
Perhaps the best way to avoid confrontation is to cooperate on shared external threats, most notably nuclear proliferation, global climate change, and Islamic extremism. But getting to 2030 without a major confrontation will be a major achievement.
De Gaulle’s agenda was very different: he wanted to rewrite the Constitution and to found a new “Fifth Republic” for France.
The French have seldom been enamored of democracy.
Parliament is weak, the judiciary is under executive control, the media is kept under surveillance, and there is no constitutional guarantee of free speech.
The exception may be the military and the diplomatic service: following de Gaulle’s lead, all French presidents have financed the military generously.
It holds elections, but more as a nod to modernity than to represent the people’s will.
Forests ensure water supplies, counter soil erosion, and safeguard an abundance of genetic resources that will become increasingly important in developing the new products, pharmaceuticals, and crop strains needed to support the lives and livelihoods of more than nine billion people by 2050.
Brazil has reduced deforestation rates in the Amazon by roughly 80% since 2005, and Norway’s pledge of $1 billion is helping to achieve further reductions.
Governance and land-tenure systems must be improved in many countries, and the risk of corruption must be addressed rigorously.
With a price tag of around $40 billion per year, the cost of that support is, to be frank, a bargain.
Enthusiasm for what are usually enjoyable activities fades.
During a period of crisis in which someone becomes depressed and suicidal, an association is learned between the various symptoms (low mood, physical pain, suicidal tendencies, and so on).
It helps break the normal link between negative mood and negative thinking.
NEW YORK – The rich world’s financial system is headed towards meltdown.
The crisis was caused by the largest leveraged asset bubble and credit bubble in history.
Until the recent US and European measures were announced, there were no rallies at all.
• a temporary blanket guarantee of all deposits while insolvent financial institutions that must be shut down are distinguished from distressed but solvent institutions that must be partially nationalized and given injections of public capital; 
MOSCOW – In Russia, 2010 ended with an unprecedented upsurge of ultra-nationalist violence.
The beatings continued and spread to the subway, where the police were essentially powerless.
The government had erected the TV screens outside the Kremlin in order to ensure patriotic exultation of the victory that they assumed was coming.
Indeed, by coincidence, on the Sunday the young football fan was murdered in Moscow, Vladislav Surkov, the first deputy in President Dmitri Medvedev’s administration, was meeting Michael McFaul of President Barack Obama’s National Security Council.
That is why the police fail to take tough action against rioting young thugs.
While rapid growth in developing countries has been an important factor in the rising commodity prices, much of this is beyond their control.
Much has become clear.
Absent international coordination, the opportunities for destructive regulatory competition will defeat regulatory reform.
It may also provide an economic springboard for another two billion people to fulfill their aspirations in the coming decades.
A time-out needs to be called so that the players, including President-elect Barack Obama, can negotiate a new bargain for the region.
This is why Obama must adopt a bold diplomatic initiative that encompasses the entire region and help resolve longstanding disputes between Afghanistan’s neighbors.
Pressure will not work if Pakistan’s leaders believe that their country’s survival is at stake.
But the Lisbon treaty has instead brought chaos to the Union.
First, it could stick with the Nice treaty as the basis of the Union’s operation.
Instead, it is a simplified treaty replete with protocols, dispensations, and opt-out causes.
The disappearance from the treaty of such terms as “constitution” and “minister of foreign affairs” clearly show that the constitutional treaty’s ambitions have been scaled back.
Kafka, the reclusive and visionary Central European writer, gave his name to the twentieth century.
The fall of the Berlin Wall and German reunification, surprisingly accepted by Mikhail Gorbachev, meant immediate and direct support in reconstructing East Germany’s institutions and economy.
Unavoidably, old-new clichés emerged.
And liberal capitalism itself – with its mediocre political leaders and cartoonish public discourse – has become a poor advertisement for the Absolute Idea.
From Karl Popper to Karl Rove – and Back
In other areas, such as science and industry, the impulse to impose one’s views on the world encounters the resistance of external reality.
Politicians will respect, rather than manipulate, reality only if the public cares about the truth and punishes politicians when it catches them in deliber­ate deception.
One influential technique – which Republican pollster Frank Luntz says that he learned from 1984 - simply reverses meanings and turns reality on its head.
Americans are now awakening, as if from a bad dream.
She has carefully studied not only Jackie Kennedy – a comparison obvious from her sheath dresses, boat collars, and page-boy haircut – but also the triumphs and failures of that other glamorous but underestimated stealth radical, Princess Diana.
So, what Michelle Obama is doing is not trivial.
They had learned nothing from the right, whose candidates knew how powerful the right colors, clothing, imagery, and even lighting can be, and how strongly personal narratives – Ronald Reagan in riding boots, or George W. Bush in a flight suit – resonate with voters.
It is liberal, and despises any sort of fanaticism, whether orthodox or nationalist.
They, too, would like life, pragmatism, creativity, and even joy to gain the upper hand.
The gravest problem for Middle Israel is the Palestinian predicament in the occupied West Bank and in deadlocked Gaza.
Paralleling Middle Israel, though perhaps not initially befriending it or liking it very much, this kind of Palestine will be the best news that the Middle East will have had for a long time.
After all, how can the US or the Western multilateral institutions advocate bank privatization now?
As the global agenda shifted to concerns about global warming, inequality, and the stability of the international system, the US no longer seemed to be a shining example, but rather an immovable obstacle on many of these issues.
Various forms of statism have been tried before; all have been found lacking.
Sheikh Yamani, Saudi Arabia’s former oil minister and a founding architect of OPEC, once said, “The stone age came to an end not for a lack of stones, and the oil age will end, but not for a lack of oil.”
By September 1990, each of the metals had dropped in price: chromium by 5%, tin by a whopping 74%.
So, if oil substitutes are not easily available, modern societies should focus on the sources of demand, most of which is attributable to the transport sector.
But, given the high-speed data transmission capacities of current telecommunications and information technology, it is now possible to reduce business travel significantly. Whereas the outsourcing phenomenon is attenuating the need for labor migration, domestic migration can be limited further by the use of home offices, which can eventually reduce stress on real estate, public transport networks, roads, and airports.
The 1936 Berlin Olympics were dominated as much by Nazi propaganda as by the athletic events.
The Chinese today sound almost as stunned by the supposed mistreatment of the Olympic torch in London, Paris, and San Francisco as Americans were back in 2001: “Why do they hate us so much?” “What have we done to them?”
But selective responses to the actions of dictatorships can be problematic and counterproductive.
His unwillingness to jettison terror and choose diplomacy proved his undoing, as he lost legitimacy in the eyes of both Israel and the United States.
Middle East history is replete with examples of missed and lost chances to make peace.
It is also important that the Gaza withdrawal be a beginning, not an end, to the political process.
The US should not, however, make the establishment of a full Palestinian democracy a prerequisite for territorial return and peace.
Imagine a country that increases its imports of, say, cars and other consumer goods by 10% of its starting GDP.
But retail shop clerks and car dealers cannot be easily transformed into the specialized and highly skilled workers needed in modern manufacturing.
It took Germany ten years (until about 2005) of slow growth to reduce capacity in the construction sector and gain market share for its export industry.
The debt crisis will end only when they have shown that they have understood this and accepted the inevitable sacrifices.
But has Europe’s financial aid brought peace any closer? The Palestinian Authority has received more aid per capita than did post-war Europe under the Marshall Plan, yet the politics of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict have foiled hopes of a broader Euro-Mediterranean framework that, through dialogue and investment, would bring tangible improvements to the lives of millions.
The complementarities between countries rich in human resources and oil-producing states should be harnessed, while energy-derived investment must be diverted from the old markets of the West to the Gulf’s troubled hinterland.
Europe’s contributions to the Middle East have been great.
The portraits of Politkovskaya, like a multitude of mirrors, were calling us back to a much darker reality.
Of course, the differences between Russia and Iran are enormous.
The war in Chechnya may contribute to the moral corruption of Russia as a whole, to its frightening descent into a culture of violence. But it is also feeding a patriotic emotion – a popular longing for the restoration of Russia’s imperial status and prestige – that Putin’s regime has shrewdly exploited.
Even Poland’s communist newspapers, read behind bars, somehow conveyed news of the great changes taking place in our neighbor to the south.
The main difference between the Prague Spring and the Velvet Revolution was that the former was mostly the work of Communist Party members and others who wanted to bring about “socialism with a human face.”
But in both countries, 1968 gave birth to a new political consciousness.
But it is surprising when these people accuse participants in the Prague Spring and the democratic opposition of links with communism.
After all, taxing natural resources at high rates will not cause them to disappear, which means that countries whose major source of revenue is natural resources can use them to finance education, health care, development, and redistribution.
There is an unavoidable conflict of interest between (usually foreign) natural-resource companies and host countries: the former want to minimize what they pay, while the latter need to maximize it.
Even the United States has imposed a windfall-profits tax.
Forty years ago, South Korea had a comparative advantage in growing rice.
One of the late Pope John Paul II’s unfulfilled dreams was to visit Moscow and forge a rapprochement with the Orthodox Church.
No less a figure than Alexander Pushkin wrote in 1836 that “Orthodoxy has always been persecuted by Catholic fanaticism….Their missionaries cursed the Orthodox Church, with hypocrisy and threats tried to recruit into Catholicism not only ordinary people but Orthodox priests as well.”
Putin, in particular, is at home in the German language, having spent many years in East Germany during his days as a KGB agent.
In Japan, the Koizumi government wants to privatize the behemoth postal service, whose giant financial arm is wrapped like a python around the country’s banking system.
You can tell Latin Americans or Africans that Asia’s unquenchable thirst for natural resources will keep pushing up the prices of their commodity and agricultural exports in perpetuity, turning wheat fields into gold mines.
Clothing makers in Italy have long been the envy of the world.
Will today’s reform paralysis outside Asia continue?
In factories as well, Party bureaucrats wanted to know everything and decide everything.
Some passionately discussed economic reform, others talked about developing culture, while still others planned to reform education and the scientific establishment or assure the defense of the environment.
It was an institution committed to respecting the integrity of all individuals and all other institutions.
True, Poland’s democratic institutions, despite their flaws, function rather well.
But was it really inevitable that so much solidarity had to escape our Solidarity?

लेकिन अनेक विकासशील देश घरेलू बचत की कमी के कारण नहीं, बल्कि निवेश की माँग की कमी के कारण विवश हैं। सामाजिक निवेश पर लाभ ऊँचे हो सकते हैं, लेकिन निजी लाभ कम होते हैं, जिसका कारण बाहरी कारक, उच्च कर, ख़राब संस्थाएँ, या अन्य अनेक कारकों में से कोई भी हो सकता है।
ऐसी दुनिया में, पूँजीगत नियंत्रणों को, हमेशा और हर जगह, अंतिम उपाय मानने का औचित्य बहुत कम है; वास्तव में, यह वित्तीय भूमंडलीकरण को केवल अधिक आकर्षक बनाता है। यह मानते हुए कि पूँजी नियंत्रण को कभी-कभी प्रमुख स्थान दिए जाने की ज़रूरत होती है, दुनिया को अलग-अलग मामले में, अत्यधिक व्यवहारकुशल होने की ज़रूरत है ।
But reality has proven such assessments to be both biased and hopelessly wrong.
The International Energy Agency’s 2010 World Energy Outlook foresees a rise in global energy demand of 40% by 2030 – an unforgiving reality that is most tangibly felt in developing countries, particularly in Asia.
But they should not be alone.
But the similarity between the two types of crisis ends where preventing their recurrence begins.
Financial players use derivatives to transfer risk: one player assumes the risk of, say, euro fluctuation, but doesn’t want yen risk, while for another, it’s the opposite.
In the US, the main design defects are in bankruptcy law, which exempts derivatives and repos from most regular bankruptcy constraints.
If investors in derivatives, repos, and credit-default swaps lacked favored treatment, they would behave differently.
But these rules don’t address the main problem: the weakened incentives for market discipline for core financial institutions.
Assembling new data is essential to scientific progress.
The coexistence of disparate ideas cultivates competition and progress.
The recent discovery of the Higgs boson was the culmination of a programmatic experimental effort to confirm a theoretical idea, proposed in the 1960s, that lies at the foundation of the standard model of particle physics.

The Global Fund’s remarkable successes result from its operational procedures.
Unfortunately, the Global Fund is already in a state of fiscal crisis.
Many countries – including France, Japan, Norway, the United Kingdom, and the United States – have recently recognized the need to move beyond the financing of control of AIDS, TB, and malaria to financing improvements in primary health systems more generally.
Wall Street bankers, whose poor performance did so much damage to the world economy in recent years, and who still are reaping excessive bonuses, would also begin to make amends by seeing their new tax payments contribute to saving the lives of millions in the coming years.
Debtor governments should call upon their own taxpayers to fund some of the national debt in order to avoid higher interest rates in credit markets.
Escaping the euro crisis is less a matter of economics than of political will.
The measures described can be scaled up if a bigger target becomes necessary.
A carbon tax on international shipping and aviation set at the same level (or auction revenues from emissions caps, if that pricing route is followed) could generate $10 billion annually for international climate action from just 25-50% of the revenues, even after ensuring that costs borne by developing countries are covered.
The MDBs have learned from experience how to use resources well.
To peek into the future, all we have to do is go to Beijing, Athens, Tokyo, or, in fact, just about any city on Earth.
There are even more dramatic increases in Tokyo.
But we have an opportunity to act.
By increasing reflection and shade, a great deal of heat build-up can be avoided.
But, despite all of these meetings – high-profile events involving top decision-makers from the world’s most influential economies – no real progress has been made toward reforming the international financial architecture.
The necessary institutional arrangement already exists: the IMF’s Special Drawing Rights (SDR) department.
The Bank for International Settlements, which was the counterparty in currency swaps under the Bretton Woods par value system in the 1960s, could be the manager of this system.
Instead, foreign-exchange reserves – that is, liquidity in currencies accepted for international payments – are held in national agencies until a swap’s activation.
ANKARA – As France and the world mourn the terrorist slaughter of innocents in Paris, the leaders of the G-20 are meeting in Antalya, Turkey.
G-20 members should expedite efforts to deliver on their commitments to boost productivity and eliminate structural bottlenecks to investment, competition, trade, and jobs.
Reducing unemployment is central to the fight against inequality. There are about 100 million jobless people in the G-20, and another 200 million young people who are neither working nor studying.
The Syrian civil war – now well into its fourth year – must be brought to an end, and a fair and sustainable political transition must be ensured.
The G-20 Summit in Antalya will address these and other major issues confronting the world.
This year, the clear first choice has to be the 1963 James Bond spy thriller “From Russia with Love.”
Bush’s reaction is less predictable.
Rather than making really substantive improvements in the quantity and quality of aid delivery, not to mention finding a path towards better governance in Africa, they chose a desperate plea for photo ops with Bono and Angelina Jolie.
Russia has been vying for the West’s esteem for centuries, with approval by the French – a sought-after prize since the time of Peter the Great – coveted the most.
Indeed, in the 1830’s, two Frenchmen, Alexis de Tocqueville and Custine, went to the outskirts of civilization to describe the future superpower rivals, America and Russia.
He was portly Porthos in Alexander Dumas’s classic The Three Musketeers (in 1998’s The Man in the Iron Mask), and played the lead in the film version of Edmond Rostand’s Cyrano de Bergerac (1990), which is almost as popular with Russians as Pushkin’s Eugene Onegin.
Indeed, not long after Depardieu’s change of allegiance, a French icon of an even older vintage, Brigitte Bardot, suggested that she, too, might embrace Russia.
One of them comes with this week’s G-20 summit in Brisbane, Australia, where leaders of the world’s advanced and major emerging economies can signal serious intent by cutting the fossil-fuel subsidies that fuel global warming.
According to the International Energy Agency, no more than one-third of known reserves can be exploited if this goal is to be achieved.
Subsidies for fossil-fuel exploration are where the politics of the greenhouse meets the economics of the madhouse.
If we are to keep within the 2ºC threshold, governments should be putting a high and escalating price on carbon, linked to emission-reduction targets.
Indeed, the Australian authorities have tried to keep the issue off the agenda altogether.
The tone set by Murdoch, however, suggests that a consensus on sustainable, inclusive growth will be hard to achieve.
The bigger challenge, though, is hitting those growth targets in a sustainable and inclusive way.
IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde recently put it more starkly, noting that the world’s 85 richest people control more wealth than the world’s 3.5 billion poorest people, and that this degree of inequality is casting a dark shadow over the global economy.
The value of an investment is based largely on the perception of how risky it is.
Second, governments must lead by example.
The Irrelevant Seven
Indeed, America’s technological lead – together with its enormous capital assets and dynamic business culture, exemplified in Silicon Valley – could ultimately reinforce its global standing.
That leaves only the US and China.
“Security of property and tolerable administration of justice,” as Smith put it.
For Smith and his successors over the first 175 years, any episode of sustained economic growth overwhelmingly required investment capital.
Indeed, high investment serves as a sign that other binding constraints to growth are absent, implying prosperity and that things are going right.
Nevertheless, a dispassionate observer might point out that for someone with limited resources and opportunities for policy reform to keep betting double-or-nothing on neo-liberalism is a strategy that has a well-deserved name: “Gambler’s Ruin.”
We now know that they deluded not only the rest of society, but even themselves.
Ratings agencies had incentives to give good ratings to the high-risk securities produced by the investment banks that were paying them.
Incentive structures that encourage excess risk-taking remain virtually unchanged.
In the end, those gambling in Las Vegas lose more than they gain.
Hobbled by the self-inflicted wounds of the debt-ceiling debacle in the summer of 2011 – which undermined economic growth and job creation, and further damaged Americans’ confidence in their political system – the US Congress and President Barack Obama’s administration recognized the need for a measured and rational approach to fiscal reform.
The cost-benefit calculations will likely evolve after the election in November.
Moreover, the potential impact certainly is not linear.
But it would fall short of the type of fiscal reforms that would satisfy Moody’s.
The recent killings repeat a pattern of political violence that has recurred all too often at crucial moments in Cambodia’s history – even after the 1991 Paris Peace Agreements, which were intended to bring not only peace, but also democracy and human-rights protection to the country’s long-suffering people.
Cambodia-fatigue among policymakers also played a role.
Internationally, too, some pressure has been building, but not enough.
But their behavior has now moved beyond the civilized pale.
Opposition to any perceived revival of Japanese militarism is hard-wired in Northeast Asia.
These mechanisms have so far promised more than they have delivered, though not for want of continuing efforts to give them more clout.
Countries like ours should take a clear stand when China overreaches externally (as it has in the South China Sea with its indefensible “nine-dashed line” asserting historical rights with no known justification in international law).
The Australian defense authorities now coordinating the search still say that to discover wreckage probably lying 4.5 kilometers (2.8 miles) deep, on so remote a seabed, will be like “finding a needle in a haystack.”
Australia’s close cooperation throughout the search with China – whose citizens comprised nearly two-thirds of those aboard the ill-fated flight, and whose naval and air resources have been unceasingly devoted to the common effort – has borne immediate fruit: a highly successful visit earlier this month by Prime Minister Tony Abbott.
Mandela for the Ages
We knew that the risks we ran of being roughed up or arrested while demonstrating against visiting Springbok rugby teams were entirely trivial compared to the risks that he and his colleagues had been prepared to face.
Of all the meetings with all the leaders and other international figures around the world that I have had during all my years in public life, there is no question about which one gave me the most joy.
South Africa was lucky – almost miraculously so – to have had Nelson Mandela.
Obama’s rhetoric, and that of his most enthusiastic partner so far, Australia’s Prime Minister Tony Abbott, has wobbled between the first two objectives and hinted at the third, creating hopes and expectations that all three will be effectively pursued.
And the open sore of the Israel-Palestine conflict plays into every other rivalry.
The slow buy-in so far of Arab states to Obama’s campaign attests to the nervousness that many of them feel on all of these grounds.
But you would be wrong.
True, some Chinese scholars remain inclined to argue that the entire R2P enterprise – particularly its sanction of military action in exceptional cases– is just “old neo-interventionist wine in a new bottle.”
The core elements of Responsible Protection, as articulated by Chinese participants in the Beijing debate, won strong support around the table.
In terms of getting serious about saying “never again” to mass-atrocity crimes, that is about as positive a development as anyone could hope for.
The obvious solution, which economists have long advocated, is an increase in America’s gasoline taxes.
If gas taxes are high and consumption is low, as in Europe, fluctuations in the world price of oil have a smaller effect domestically.
Oil companies can immediately deduct a high percentage of their drilling costs from their tax liability, which other industries cannot do with their investments.
If other countries have found that what was politically impossible has suddenly turned out to be possible, why not the US?


Unlike Cook, in addition to being closeted, I was a woman and an introvert, and my politics tended to differ from those of my peers in my heavily male, extrovert-dominated profession. Since coming out in 2011, I have been publicly truer to myself and more authentic with others.
Research conducted by the Center for Talent Innovation shows that allies – people who support LGBT colleagues or work as advocates – play a decisive role in creating an inclusive community. In fact, 24% of the LGBT workers surveyed attribute their decision to come out professionally to their network of allies.
Finally, companies should continue to facilitate an inclusive workplace for everyone, not just LGBT employees. That means shifting from a culture of diversity, with its implicit focus on “them,” to an inclusiveness-centered culture of “us.”
Israel, which withdrew unilaterally to the periphery of Gaza in September 2005, has been seeking to prevent Palestinian resistance fighters from lobbing rockets into its territory.
The result has been a clear case of collective punishment in one of the most densely populated places on earth, with 3,823 persons per square kilometer.
Indeed, opinion polls conducted in Gaza show a spike in support for Hamas after every Israeli escalation.
Ayman works very hard in school and dreams of a future career. But, with 47 students in his cramped classroom and double shifts the norm, his learning environment is very stressful. Home is no refuge: the recent incursion into Jabalia was 200 meters from where Ayman lives. The shooting and shelling so terrorized his five-year-old sister that she still wakes up screaming at night.


Palestinian and Israeli children deserve to grow up in peace. And leaders on both sides, supported by the international community, must join in the kind of honest dialogue that is the only viable path toward achieving it.
Israel is more isolated regionally and internationally than ever, owing to Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu diplomatic failures.
Hamas believes that if Israel were to come under pressure and, for example, freeze settlement construction, Abbas’s position would be strengthened.
If Palestine does achieve full UN membership, Palestinians recognize that it will be little more than symbolic.
Gaza is usually viewed in terms of Hamas’s overwhelming support there, but the reality is much different.
The 1967 war placed all of mandatory Palestine (as well as Sinai and the Golan) under Israeli military occupation.
Non-PA groups like Hamas acquired their own weapons mostly by buying them from Israeli soldiers or on the Israeli black market.
What they did not get was real sovereignty, without which it is difficult to imagine any improvement.
Greek interest rate premiums relative to Germany on ten-year government bonds stood at 8.6% on August 20th, which is even higher than at the end of April when Greece became practically insolvent and European Union-wide rescue measures were prepared.
The Case-Shiller index for single-family homes seemed to have recovered in spring 2009, after a 34% decline relative to the last boom.
The former boom countries – Greece, Ireland, and Spain – remain in recession, and their GDPs will continue to shrink.
On the other hand, France, Europe’s second biggest economy, is struggling.
If we have poor measures, what we strive to do (say, increase GDP) may actually contribute to a worsening of living standards.
If government spends more – even if inefficiently – output goes up.
This means that there is increasing disparity between average (mean) income and the median income (that of the “typical” person, whose income lies in the middle of the distribution of all incomes).
These studies, for instance, verify and quantify what should be obvious: the loss of a job has a greater impact than can be accounted for just by the loss of income.
"LOS ANGELES – In a recent interview, United States Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner laid out his view of the nature of world economic growth and the role of the US financial sector.
We want US firms to benefit from that…Now, financial firms are different because of the risk, but you can contain that through regulation.”
Even the strongest supporters of the Dodd-Frank reform legislation emphasize that it only went part way towards reducing the incentives for major financial institutions to take big risks.
He should spend more time with the authorities in Iceland or Ireland or Switzerland, countries where “financial globalization” allowed banks to become big relative to the economy.
Geithner is a very smart and experienced public servant.
Electing and appointing more women to powerful roles remains essential.
A woman at the bottom faces an even harsher reality.
Valuing care means valuing it enough to expect men to take on caregiving responsibilities to the same extent that we now expect women to take on breadwinning.
It is one thing to let women into the workforce; it is quite another to embrace full equality and create a cultural, economic, and social climate that encourages both men and women to support one another and their families equally with cash and care.
Most people around the world agree that men and women should be treated equally, and we also know that empowering women is a highly effective way to help families and societies lift themselves out of poverty.
In particular, allowing women to decide if, when, and how often they become pregnant leads to fewer deaths in childbirth and fewer infant deaths.
More broadly, the evidence from different approaches and countries is that spending one dollar on improving women's access to economic opportunities yields about $7 in health, education, and poverty-alleviation benefits.
And we now have stronger information for other gender targets when they compete with targets related to nutrition, health, poverty, and the environment.
लड़कियों को आवाज़ उठाने, चुनने, और अवसरों की समानता न देने से न केवल उनके जीवनों पर असर पड़ेगा, बल्कि इससे इस धरती का भविष्य भी प्रभावित होगा। समावेशी सतत विकास को प्रोत्साहित करने और जलवायु परिवर्तन का मुकाबला करने के प्रयास परस्पर अभिन्न रूप से जुड़े हुए हैं। यदि हमें विकास की चिंता है, तो हमें दुनिया भर में हो रहे ग्रीनहाउस गैस  उत्सर्जनों के परिणामों की चिंता करनी चाहिए। और यदि हम तुरंत कार्रवाई नहीं करते हैं, तो हम उन प्राकृतिक प्रणालियों को अपूरणीय क्षति पहुँचाएँगे जिन पर जीवन निर्भर करता है।

Over the last 12 years, her Worker’s Party (PT) has delivered the country’s strongest per capita GDP growth in more than three decades; reduced income inequality with an extensive system of social transfers that reaches one-third of Brazilian households; and reduced formal unemployment to a record-low 4.5%.
Even the economy’s apparent strengths – a thriving service sector and low unemployment – rest on unsustainable credit policies.
As the government attempted to direct these gains toward wealth redistribution, public expenditure rose and the social-benefits system – underpinned by so-called “acquired rights” – became increasingly rigid.
LONDON – Since his first address as China’s president last year, Xi Jinping has been espousing the so-called “Chinese Dream” of national rejuvenation and individual self-improvement.
And Japan’s external position was strong, just as China’s is now.
That is all the more reason to believe that Japan’s experience can provide important insight into the risks that China faces.
Indeed, almost half of the formal increase is not an increase at all, but merely recognition of rural workers who have been living and working in cities for some time.
General Marshall on the Aegean
Foreign aid and expertise could be used to modernize the property-registration and tax-collection systems.
And, finally, history suggests that a Marshall Plan for Greece might actually work.
Importantly, these projects were neither dictated by the donor nor chosen by the recipient, but decided in collaboration.
Economists are trained to worry about this problem, known as moral hazard.
So it is inevitable that we will use it to shape our own evolution.
In the worst case, the human genetic lineage itself could be wiped out by inter-species conflict.
Determining when it is permissible to interfere with parental choices is challenging, given the deference that parents typically receive.
Genetic Property Rights on Trial
One human gene out of approximately every five is now the subject of a patent, the majority of which are held by private firms.
That is a clever argument, but is it really the source of people’s profound disquiet about genetic patenting? In talking about similar issues raised in my recent book Body Shopping , I have heard many shocked reactions to the growing commodification of human tissue, but none more generally shared than this one: how can you take out a patent on life?
Proprietary rights for commercial firms over the most basic element of an individual’s genetic identity should not be enforceable.
In 1962, Gurdon’s finding that almost any cell in the body contains the complete DNA code enabled him to create a tadpole by cloning an adult frog.
These “blameless” patients seem to develop a different kind of lung cancer from those who report a history of smoking – one that is more responsive to new medications and has better, albeit still poor, outcomes.
For example, smoking could have caused epigenetic changes in a grandparent’s DNA, effectively switching off certain anti-cancer genes. The genes would then be passed down to descendants in this switched-off state.
The age of the gene is far from over; it has simply progressed into the age of epigenetics.
How should Europe deal with a Russia that is again pursuing great-power politics and making almost the same mistakes as the Soviet Union, which similarly relied on authoritarianism to try to reconcile the ambitions of a military superpower with the reality of a moderately developed and scarcely modernized economy?
In reality, however, the project is of paramount importance mostly in geopolitical terms: China, a land power, wants to challenge the potential economic and political influence of the US, a naval power, in Eurasia.
European leaders gravely miscalculated at the start of Turkey’s EU accession talks, believing that close ties would make the Middle East’s conflicts Europe’s problem.
The choice is between a mare nostrum or a region of instability and insecurity.
दुर्भाग्यवश यूरो संकट से यूरोपीय संघ बिलकुल ही अलग निकाय में बदल गया. आपसी सहयोग की भावना की जगह कर्जदाता और कर्जदार का संबंध पनपने लगा जिसमें कर्जदाता देश अपनी शर्तें थोपने लगे और अपना दबदबा कायम करने लगे. यूरोपीय संसद के चुनाव में कम मतदान के मद्देनजर अगर इटली के प्रधानमंत्री मैट्टियो रेन्जी को मिले समर्थन के साथ यूरोपीय संघ के विरोधी दक्षिण व वामपंथी मतों को भी मिला दिया जाए तो कहा जा सकता है कि अधिकांश नागरिक वर्तमान परिस्थितियों के विरोध में हैं.
यह सभी घटनाएं हाल ही में बड़ी तेजी से घटी हैं. यूरोपीय संघ और अमेरिका दोनों ही अपनी आंतरिक समस्याओं में उलझे हैं. इस तरह वे उस भू-राजनीतिक तथा विचारधारा से जुड़े खतरे से अनभिज्ञ हैं जो पुतिन के रूस से उत्पन्न हो रहा है. सवाल है कि उन्हें किस प्रकार इसका सामना करना चाहिए?
जिस तरह वे विश्व बैंक को गारंटी देती हैं उसी तरह नुकसान को पूरा करने की गारंटी दे सकती हैं. अर्थात् हरेक सरकार वास्तव में प्रयुक्त पूंजी को आंशिक तौर पर प्रदान कर बाकी रकम को कॉलेबल (जरूरत पड़ने पर मांगी गई) पूंजी के रूप में उपलब्ध करा सकती हैं जो नुकसान के एवज में भुगतान हो जाने के पश्चात् उपलब्ध होगी. यूरोपीय संघ को अपने वित्तीय कोष को भी परिवर्तित करना होगा ताकि जरूरत के वक्त मांगी गई पूंजी को छूट दे सकें और वास्तविक नुकसान को अनेक वर्षों में पूरा कर सकें. इस प्रकार की गारंटियों का एक विशेष गुण होता हैः जितनी ज्यादा भरोसेमंद वे होती हैं, उतनी ही कम उन्हें लागू करने की संभावना होती है. इस तरह पुनर्बीमा काफी हद तक लागतरहित साबित होता है. विश्व बैंक इसका जीवंत उदाहरण है.
Chancellor Angela Merkel did what was necessary to ensure the euro’s survival, and she did so at the least possible cost to Germany – a feat that earned her the support of pro-European Germans as well as those who trust her to protect German interests.
Neither the authorities nor the markets recognized this prior to the crisis, attesting to the fallibility of both.
Yet Eurobonds would substantially reduce the heavily indebted countries’ borrowing costs and go a long way to reestablishing a level playing field in the eurozone.
I can testify from personal experience that investors would flock to Greece once the debt overhang was removed.
Still, Germany cannot escape the responsibilities and liabilities that go with that role.
When the NATO Allies gather in Istanbul, much of the talk will concern the divisions between America and Europe over Iraq. But Europe is not alone in its estrangement from the United States under President George W. Bush's leadership.
After all, during his first nine months in office, Bush declared that he would devote tremendous attention to the hemisphere, and his actions seemed to back up his rhetoric.
They are finding themselves forced to shift their own rhetoric and attitude in order to dampen their defense of policies viewed as pro-American or US-inspired, and to stiffen their resistance to Washington's demands and desires.
With complex and heated wars threatening to bring about the collapse of states like Syria and Iraq, and the long-simmering conflict between Israel and Palestine seemingly as far from resolution as ever, it is almost easier to ask what Europe should avoid than what it should do.
Making matters worse, concessions on either side appear to leave no impression on the other.
During previous rounds of negotiations, the Palestinian Authority agreed, in principle, to exchange up to 1.9% of West Bank land for Israeli territory.
Georgia on Europe’s Mind
Political reforms, privatization, anti-corruption measures, a search for new leaders untainted by compromise with the former regime, and implementation of a pro-European foreign policy met no resistance.
The US has already done as much as it can to support political stability in Georgia since independence.
But this hesitant acceptance of a certain normality in its relations with its neighbors has always been vulnerable to a sudden eruption of Russia’s famously irrational “derzhava” – an aggressive ethos that glorifies the state and asserts its strength by pouncing on weakness.
The first days of the conflict in Georgia crushed this hypothesis.
I call these camps, respectively, Russia’s global and national kleptocrats.
I cannot predict who will win this growing confrontation.
BERLIN – The harsh reality of the past year has created unprecedented challenges for Germany and its foreign policy.
How far do our responsibilities extend? What, in short, is the “DNA" of German foreign policy?
This requires that we hone our tools and develop new ones, ranging from early-warning mechanisms to enhanced means of international cooperation.
As a result, we must strike the right balance between reinforcing indispensable structures and organizations like the UN and developing new norms and institutional means of minimizing long-term risks.
But, though we want to maintain and strengthen bilateral ties with important partner countries, when it comes to shaping global development, Germany is capable of acting effectively only within a solid European framework.
For Germany, all of these objectives must be pursued within the framework of a strong and integrated European Union in which we assume our leadership responsibilities for global peace and prosperity.
But the case for establishing full diplomatic relations was not so clear.
Post-war Germany could regain international legitimacy only through reconciliation with the Jewish people.
Walser’s stance amounted to a desperate call to allow his country to shape a new national identity – one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy, rather than its highly regrettable (and regretted) history.
German Reunification and the New Europe
The second key figure was West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, who rushed into the opened breach, overriding his Allies’ caution, while the third actor was the East German people, who rushed into the streets, regardless of the risks, to demonstrate and push reunification forward.
Great Britain and Denmark, however, insisted that these new competences be exercised on intergovernmental grounds only, not by the European Commission, and thus only through consensus.
A dismal silence greeted its publication, which left Germany’s pro-European establishment isolated and dispirited.
Meanwhile, German diplomacy is actively reconstructing the country’s economic and cultural spheres of influence, and not only in Eastern Europe.
But frugal Germans typically do not see it that way.
Credit growth fueled asset-price increases and further credit growth, in a self-reinforcing cycle that persisted until the bubble burst and confidence collapsed.
But the inevitable consequence was that, while Japanese companies slowly deleveraged, public debt rose to 245% of GDP.
Today’s total debt level seems both unsustainable and impossible to reduce without depressing the economy.
First, how can we ensure that economies grow without rapid private credit growth, which leads to crisis and a debt overhang? Second – and the crucial issue today – how can we escape the debt trap in which past credit growth has left us?
The only way to do that is to run increased fiscal deficits, permanently financed by central-bank money.
Since the beginning of the century, the country has grown to become one of the world’s leading exporters, outstripping all other major European countries.
This gives them several advantages.
Quality makes exporters less vulnerable to changes in price – including those driven by rising wages.
The likely reason is that providing division managers with greater autonomy not only frees them up to respond to market demands; it also allows them to put their own career interests above the wellbeing of the firm.
With high prices for crude oil and natural gas bloating its coffers, Russia is once again aggressively confronting the small and still relatively weak states that fled the eroding Soviet empire 15 years ago.
But Europe’s stability and commitment to economic growth across the continent require that these interests be satisfied without economic pressure or unilateral intervention.
Instead of investing in discovering oil, Gazprom has become the biggest media group in Russia.
Russia should be welcome in institutions and agreements that foster cooperation, with reciprocal rights and responsibilities.
Its unemployment rate, at just below 5%, is half the European average.
The increasing mathematization of economics in recent decades has abetted this development.
Market-oriented policies today are seen as cold and anti-social, especially in Western industrialized countries.

Such cooperation could not come at a better time.
The IMF’s recent World Economic Outlook describes the success of this approach in recessionary environments.
The power of that relationship is what the Pisani-Ferry/Enderlein initiative represents – and what could, with sufficient political support, revitalize Europe.
But what they see confounds them, because Germany is openly refusing to lead.
Rather, 20 years after the fall of the Berlin wall, the reunited Germany is beginning to realize that it can also act alone.
It is a strategic illusion of the large member states that they can defend their own status without this stolid entity called Europe. After all, can Germany really afford to let the EU’s enlargement into Eastern Europe fail?
Of course, everyone would prefer it if the line between monetary and fiscal policy had not become blurred as a result of the crisis.
With fiscal policy incapable of responding, the ECB was stuck with a second intermediation role: mitigating with its Target2 system the effects of European financial markets re-segmenting along national lines.
Legally constraining this capacity would be self-defeating.
Originally, Europe’s monetary union was supposed to provide a stable framework for its deeply integrated economies to enhance living standards sustainably.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has criticized the United States Federal Reserve and the Bank of England for “quantitative easing,” which has in practice allowed the central bank to monetize many types of government and non-government debt.
Hitler repeatedly promised that he would use any means to fight inflation, but his militarism also led to the expropriation of savings.
A cast-iron mechanism to ensure that the debt build-up does not continue forever is appealing as a way of withstanding increasingly fraught competition for funding.
Europe’s monetary unification of the 1990’s was supposed to be accompanied by fiscal convergence and harmonization.
Chancellor Gerhard Schröder had another fifteen months to go before the end of the electoral term, and it seemed that he had no difficulty mobilizing his admittedly slender majority in parliament.
Schröder’s SPD uses the word “social” a little more emphatically than it did in the last seven years.
It will clearly be a government without the new Left Party.
Perhaps what it requires most is a touch of Margaret Thatcher’s policies of the 1980’s, combined with Tony Blair’s rhetoric of today.
Another, more plausible theory is that over the past fifteen years there have been various external challenges or shocks that have hit the country simultaneously.
Think of Nokia, the mobile phone maker.
The slow growth of the eastern part of the country has pulled down the Germany-wide average, while the enormous demand for public funds in the east has increased public debt.
Ostensibly, this is just a matter of monetary housekeeping.
That is not going to change.
What would help is to turn the euro around – in the sense of convincing investors that the common currency has a bright future, because it is underpinned by a stronger monetary, fiscal, financial, and political union.
The link between currencies and gold was irrevocably broken in 1971, when US President Richard Nixon decided to suspend the convertibility of dollars into gold for central banks.
Whereas the average number of working days lost due to strikes from 2000 to 2004 amounted to 234 per 1,000 employees in Spain, 171 in Canada, and 101 in France, only 3.5 days were lost in Germany.
The status of permanent civil servant, marked by a special reciprocal obligation of loyalty, was created by the Prussian state in order to fill strategically important positions with people who could be fully trusted.
There is an economic explanation for why unions based on individual trades are detrimental.
But unions based on trades, which operate largely independently of one another, achieve even higher wages and create even more unemployment – so much so that employees as a whole are much worse off than they would be if an industry-wide union represented them.
And it matters a great deal which narrative prevails – for Germany, for Europe, and for the global economy.
And all of this distracts attention from the need to compete in a rapidly changing global economy.
But there is no workable alternative for Europe’s well-being – and, therefore, that of Germany.
Here, eurozone members would collectively opt for a smaller and less imperfect union that includes countries with more similar initial conditions – economically, financially, politically, and socially.
It is also the world’s top exporter of merchandise and the second-largest exporter of goods and services.
Unfortunately, there is no reason to be optimistic.
At bottom, the coincidence of unemployment and booming exports can be explained by the high and rigid wages from which Germany still suffers.
Germany’s Same Old Election
The worst has been mitigated and obscured in the wealthy countries by running up unprecedented levels of debt, but any moderately streetwise person knows that the next generation – and even the one after that – will be paying for the excesses of the investment bankers.
The greatest miracle in the 2009 election campaign is the resurgence of the Liberal Democrats (FDP).
Yet one historical law does seem to apply: in an immense economic crisis, the voters stick with the people whose economic competence they have traditionally trusted – that is, the very people who led them to ruin.
But Europe’s banking union also requires uniform rules for winding up insolvent financial institutions –&#160;and this has become a sticking point.
Some French banks’ traders openly boast of backing by the French government, which will never let its banks fail.
Such a mechanism would prevent the need for government intervention.
In 2008, when the Landesbanks were found to be full of American subprime mortgages, the German government bailed them out with a €500 billion ($650 billion) rescue package at its taxpayers’ expense.
When the economic crisis opened up the Pandora’s Box of the EU’s fiscal woes, Germany stepped up to the mark and helped to bail out Greece.
Germany is, of course, no advocate of an Anglo-Saxon growth model that requires monetary expansion and inflation.
Germany was not unaware that Greece and Portugal had serious fiscal difficulties before they entered the eurozone, but, through a process of negotiation, their entry was made possible.
First, however, was the chaos.
So I offered my services to the local Soviet authority and helped distribute basic foodstuffs to a small number of outlets in our district of Zehlendorf.
The Western powers in Germany, on the other hand, pursued, after a short period of non-fraternisation, a policy of controlled empowerment.
This is where the Marshall Plan of American support became crucial.
On balance this is a better method of dealing with a nation’s zero hour than doing things the other way round.
In order to achieve this, the treaty created posts, such as the President of the European Council and the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, whose incumbents could speak and act on behalf of the entire EU.
In the vast majority of cases in which common action would be preferable, member states would provide full support to the EU.
“Poor old Germany,” Henry Kissinger once quipped.
Renzi sudah hampir menghapuskan, setidaknya secara retoris, aturan-aturan fiskal yang selama ini dipegang teguh oleh Jerman.
Selama bertahun-tahun, Schäuble telah memainkan permainan untuk mewujudkan visinya akan arsitektur optimal di Eropa yang dapat dicapai dalam keterbatasan politik dan budaya yang selama ini diterima begitu saja.
Pada bulan September, Schäuble membagikan ikhtisar tiga proposal kepada rekan-rekannya di Eurogroup guna mencegah krisis euro yang baru.
Sementara itu, komitmen Jerman terhadap “aturan-aturan” yang tidak sepadan dengan ketahanan Eurozone akan melemahkan politisi-politis Perancis dan Jerman yang sejak dulu hingga sekarang mengharapkan aliansi dengan negara-negara ekonomi terbesar di Eropa.
And the government is recording a sizeable budget surplus.
Last August, the German government appointed a 21-member committee of experts (including the three authors) from business, labor unions, finance, and academia to determine how to achieve the target.
As for purely private-sector investment, the committee recommends a focus on developing the sectors that will dominate tomorrow’s economy.
The expert committee supports EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker’s plan to channel some €300 billion of private-sector money toward infrastructure, and proposes that if the scheme is successful, it should be transformed into a permanent European investment mechanism. This would require more funding in the long run for the European Fund for Strategic Investments, to which the German government should contribute directly.
Time is a luxury that Europe does not have. With every month that the economy loses productive capacity, the likelihood of stagnation and deflation rises.
The German government can use its considerable leverage to compel France and Italy to pursue the structural reforms that both countries need, while allowing a growth-friendly demand stimulus to lift the threat of deflation hanging over the eurozone. And it has the authority to bolster the ECB’s credibility and thus its efforts to ensure future price stability and prevent financial contagion.
What a contrast between the photo, taken less than 80 years ago in the Warsaw Ghetto, of a small Jewish child with raised arms and fearful eyes, and one taken a few days ago in Munich of a smiling refugee boy, his head protected by a policeman’s hat.
With firmness and clarity, Merkel has condemned all forms of xenophobia and criticized her European counterparts for refusing to accept refugees.
By contrast, France and many other European countries face more favorable demographic conditions and worse economic conditions, including high unemployment.
To reverse the formula of former Czech President Václav Klaus, the suicide of Europe will come not from accepting the flow of refugees, but from closing our doors to them and washing our hands of their fate.
But a profound weakness remains: To be blunt, it concerns the risk-taking culture that still prevails within some departments of global banks and in the financial system itself.
Sadly, until now, many banks have adopted an unconvincing piecemeal approach.
Employees must understand instinctively what may be done and what should never be done.
Either the banks reform themselves, or public authorities will intervene still further.
Transparency International and occasionally the World Bank like to rank countries by their degree of corruption, with the media then ceaselessly citing where each country stands.
For example, when the East Asian financial crisis broke out, there followed a systematic attempt to pin the blame on the affected countries: “crony capitalism” allegedly had somehow crippled their economies!
But if policies can create corruption, it is equally true that the cost of corruption will vary with the specific policies.
Real and sustainable change is supposedly possible only by transforming the “rules of the game” – the manner in which governments operate and relate to the private sector.
Poor governance may, in general, be the binding constraint in Zimbabwe and a few other countries, but it was not in China, Vietnam, or Cambodia – countries that are growing rapidly despite poor governance – and it most surely is not in Ethiopia, South Africa, El Salvador, Mexico, or Brazil.
Macroeconomic policy is an area in which economists have done a lot of thinking about institutional prerequisites.
Insofar as they narrow rather than expand the menu of available institutional choices, they serve the cause of good governance badly.
In 1993, the Commission, under Jacques Delors, proposed a capital spending plan in its White Paper on growth, competitiveness and employment.
A bridge financed by the EIB may be more affordable than one financed by capital markets, but it remains the same bridge and has the same economic impact.
Many large-scale investments that only pay off over the long term – for example, in energy, digital infrastructure, and transport – are concentrated in state-regulated sectors, giving governments the power to influence business decisions.
This is intentional.
Getting it Right in North Africa
There is a lot of goodwill to ensure a democratic dividend for these countries, while of course managing expectations.
On the other hand, we can be confident that the longer-term gains of social and political change will be positive, as the drag of predatory corruption and limitations on individual and economic liberties are eliminated.
If the nations of North Africa are to succeed in meeting the needs and expectations of their peoples, policymakers must draw the appropriate lessons from the past – and aim to get it right this time around.
Women's status has improved, and girls enjoy equal access to education, with even higher enrollment rates than boys in many countries.
Societies became racially and ethnically complex, as the European, Amerindian, and African populations intermarried, but the long-term trend of European dominance, indigenous and Afro-American subservience, and entrenched poverty became a scar on Latin American societies.
Asian developing countries are now producers of computers, semiconductors, pharmaceuticals, and software.
Such a policy would entail committing to a major increase in spending on research and development, as Asian developing countries have done.
Has the American electorate swung to the right? Are Americans now more concerned about "values?"
Real interest rates may rise, as America borrows more and more.
Those who voted for Bush may not be as outraged by American involvement in torture, or the misleading information about Iraq's weapons of mass destruction and connections with Al Qaeda, as those abroad.
Instability in the Middle East will continue to limit oil supplies, discouraging the expansion of production.
Some worry that this will worsen relations with the US.
Malaria is a killer disease transmitted by a specific species of mosquitoes.
There are two major obstacles to solving the malaria problem.
Rather than giving away bed nets, rich-country organizations like the United States Agency for International Development try to sell them to the extreme poor, albeit at heavily discounted prices.
But there is also a growing realization that malaria is a disaster that must be addressed.
But, for the millions who face the crushing burden of poverty, mere proclamations that help is on the way are not enough to create jobs or foster development.
Now, debt in the 28 countries for which relief has been approved has declined by an average of two-thirds, while their expenditures on health, education, and other social services have risen to almost four times the amount of debt-service payments.
Some donors have now promised to do so, though only over time; others are not ready to go that far, but have promised more aid than they currently give.
Getting Serious in Russia\u0027s War on Terror
First, contacts between Maskhadov and a few Russian politicians haven't - at least as of yet - influenced the Kremlin's position.
In fact, the latter are a tiny minority. But they are energetic, mobilized, and experienced fighters.
Osama bin Laden doesn't work for money and wants to destroy the entire West, not weaken Russia in particular.
But he must act now, for public support can be no substitute for resolute and effective action.
They therefore presume that, despite American professions to the contrary, the US seeks BMD capabilities that can negate Russia’s strategic deterrent under the guise of protecting America and its allies from Iran.
Beyond these specific BMD discussions, US arms-control efforts with Russia currently focus on strategic stability talks and other dialogues designed to establish a favorable conceptual foundation for the next round of formal arms-control negotiations.
Support also exists for jointly manned centers, Russian expert visits to NATO BMD facilities, and exchange of early-warning information from Russian and NATO radars regarding potential missile launches.
There is a wise American saying: “If you are in a hole, stop digging.”
So what to do now? The Bush administration, predictably, is pushing for new and tougher sanctions, based on an implied warning in the earlier UN Resolution, and arguing, as it did in the run-up to the invasion in Iraq, that the UN’s credibility is at stake.
Today, Iran declares that it wants to observe the NPT, and that has no intention of building a nuclear bomb.
Instead of formulating new sanctions for the UN Security Council, they should use the next few months to explore confidentially what level of restrictions combined with verification Iran would consider in exchange for undisputed enrichment.
Muhammad Khatami (1997-2005) tried to implement dramatic political reform, while Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani (1989-97) tried to open the Iranian economy to the West.
Ahmedinejad is no different.
There has been no answer yet, though there does seem to be some recent movement between Russia and Iran on the provision of nuclear fuel for Iran’s controversial reactors.
That person is Khamenei, not Ahmedinejad.
According to the conventional wisdom, Britain’s social model is based on coexistence between different communities, with each continuing to observe its conventions and customs while respecting the country’s laws – an informal federation of communities.
Republicanism grants each individual, regardless of his or her other identities equal rights in order to achieve universal equality.
This vision should make republican efforts proportional to the importance of people’s handicap in order to free them from the burden of their initial conditions.
Needless to say, it’s the big picture that really matters. The message of the European Parliament election was that the EU is losing public support at an alarming rate.
This uncomfortable truth makes the idea of the EU’s disintegration seem absurd, yet that outcome is a real threat, owing to the rising tide of euroskepticism fueled by EU institutions’ failure to connect with Europe’s voters.
Europe’s industries and national authorities need to get their act together and fully exploit the economies of scale that the EU offers, while the EU itself must embrace change and submit itself to severe streamlining: Reform or die.
भारत के लिए आर्थिक पथप्रदर्शक

अंत में अगले पांच साल के बाद भी वृद्घि की गतिशीलता बनाए रखने के लिए जरूरी है कि शिक्षा और स्वास्थ्य सेवा की गुणात्मकता और गुणवत्ता में सुधार लाया जाए. इसके लिए निजि व गैर-लाभकारी क्षेत्र व शोधकर्ताओं के साथ भागीदारी करनी चाहिए. नयी सरकार को शोधकर्ताओं व नीति-निर्माताओं के बीच भागीदारी को बढ़ावा देना चाहिए ताकि नीतियों में मौजूद गंभीर चुनौतियों का सामना करने के लिए नवाचारी कार्यक्रमों को तैयार किया जा सके और उनका मूल्यांकन हो सके यथा निरोधात्मक स्वास्थ्य सेवा के परिणामों को जानना और उसे बढ़ावा देना.
Is the market no longer able to generate prosperity? Is China’s brand of state capitalism an alternative and potentially victorious paradigm?
Consider recent events in Argentina, which is facing certain economic losses as anxious investors have second thoughts about the country in the aftermath of the government’s nationalization of energy giant YPF.
Indeed, on Europe’s doorstep, the show trial and imprisonment of former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko is jeopardizing her country’s international economic standing.
Giving Till it Heals
Now it is roughly 0.25% of GNP.
In fact, US official development assistance amounts to just 0.15% of America’s GNP, which is less than one-fourth the global target.
But there is a limit to greed.
One of the main problems today is too much debt in the global financial system – among sovereigns, banks, and households, and especially among the advanced economies.
There is a solution.
This is especially important for the young.
In these circumstances, the International Monetary Fund – with its 187 member countries – is uniquely positioned to foster collective action.
उस समय, विभिन्न रोगों के लिए सदाशयपूर्वक सरोकार रखनेवाले पैरोकारों ने मृत्यु के जो आँकड़े प्रकाशित किए उनसे उन्हें धन जुटाने और ध्यान आकर्षित करने के मुद्दे को उठाने में मदद मिली। लेकिन जब सभी दावों को जोड़ा गया, तो संबंधित वर्ष में मरनेवाले लोगों की संख्या वास्तव में मरनेवाले लोगों की कुल संख्या की तुलना में कई गुना अधिक थी। और जब नीति निर्माताओं के पास सही आंकड़े होते भी थे, तो उनमें आमतौर पर केवल लोगों की मौत का कारण शामिल होता था, उन बीमारियों का नहीं जिनसे उनका जीवन पीड़ा से भर जाता था।


Yet, in late October, EU member states agreed on a new policy framework for climate and energy for 2030 – one that, like the EU’s 2020 climate and energy package, lacks a solid foundation.
In fact, no outcome would be worse than a “feel-good” agreement composed of vague, unenforceable targets.
PRINCETON – At first glance, today’s major international crises seem to have little in common.
And the security situation in the eastern part of the country is deteriorating.
But, in today’s interconnected world, capital can move much more quickly and to many more destinations, crossing borders with the click of a mouse.
Today, some important integrative policies lie within reach.
NEW YORK – Today’s world is more economically and financially integrated than at any time since the latter half of the nineteenth century.
Pricing would be more transparent, and consumers could spot anomalies (from their phones) and shop for the best deals.
But the same political legitimacy cannot be imagined for any transatlantic or trans-Pacific monetary authority, much less a global one.
Purchase sovereign debt but not state or commonwealth (for example, Puerto Rican) debt? Though deciding such questions at a supranational level is not theoretically impossible, it is utterly impractical in the modern era.
As was amply demonstrated in the last seven decades, reducing tariffs and non-tariff barriers would also help – above all in agriculture and services, as envisaged by the Doha Round.
Government debt has increased by $25 trillion, with the advanced economies accounting for $19 trillion – a direct result of severe recession, fiscal-stimulus programs, and bank bailouts.
Yet precisely the opposite approach is now being taken in the United States, where some first-time homebuyers have now been given access to 97% loan-to-value mortgages.
Similarly, it would be difficult – but not impossible – to reduce the incentives, created by almost all countries’ tax regimes, for corporate leverage.
Focusing on “net” government debt (which excludes intra-government debt holdings, such as the bonds owned by central banks) is a more effective approach to assessing and ensuring the sustainability of public debt.

So far, however, jawboning has had little effect.
Trade unions’ membership and influence declined sharply, owing to increased global competition and, in some countries, deliberate legal reforms.
The best way to achieve that is not through the current mix of ultra-low interest rates and quantitative easing.
And tax and social-welfare systems can be used to channel income toward those most likely to spend it.
Despite all this, massive excess bank reserves remain unlent.
Thus, temporary tax rebates are mostly saved, not spent.
Indeed, China frets over the safety of the US Treasury bonds that it holds.
This time, virtually every economy is suffering substantially and the banking crisis is global.
The cost of damage to commercial and residential buildings worldwide is averaging $314 billion each year, with the private sector bearing as much as 85% of that price tag.
This level of business engagement bodes well for pioneering a new planet-friendly and people-sensitive approach to global prosperity.
For example, experts estimate that 60% of the land that will be urbanized by 2030 has not yet been developed.
Starting our international calendar with the Sendai meeting on disaster-risk reduction sends a clear signal that the world is ready to integrate its strategies.
Average annual growth in the least developed countries, many in Africa, reached almost 7% last year.
The UN report observes that national economic policies and existing multilateral settings are not designed to mitigate effectively the risk of a global slowdown or to address global imbalances.
The multilateral surveillance mechanisms launched last year by the IMF are a step in the right direction, but only if they become part of an institutionalized multilateral mechanism of surveillance and policy coordination.
For three and a half years following the start of the Great Depression, US President Herbert Hoover’s top priority was to balance the budget, trying – but ultimately failing – to restore business confidence.
Instead, each proposal faced its own opposition.
Instead of simply promoting his policies, Feldstein presents them as a “safe and effective alternative” to other approaches.
But above all, try something.”
Already, 60,000 people die every year from causes related to antimicrobial resistance in the United States and Europe – some ten times the worldwide death toll from the ongoing Ebola crisis. By 2050, if the problem is allowed to continue to grow, antimicrobial resistance will kill more than ten million people per year.
Data provided by diagnostic devices could be a potent weapon in containing these outbreaks.
Moreover, the recovery from the last major slump, in the early 1980s, brought about a quarter-century of unprecedentedly strong and stable macroeconomic performance.
Six years after the crisis, some prominent economists are asking whether insufficient investment and/or waning gains from technological innovation have pushed the global economy into a “new normal” of lower growth and slow, if any, gains in living standards.
Optimists counter that smart phones, Big Data, and expected advances in nanotechnology, robotics, and biosciences are harbingers of a new era of technology-driven productivity improvements.
Better measures for these changes are essential for an accurate assessment of economic progress.
SINGAPORE – In recent weeks, there has been a chorus of opinion arguing for a sharp increase in global investment, particularly in infrastructure.
Moreover, China’s rapidly aging population and declining working-age population will reduce long-term investment demand.
So, although India might initially absorb some international capital, it might ultimately prefer to build foreign reserves by running small external deficits or even a surplus.
Indeed, almost every period of globalization and prosperity has been accompanied by symbiotic imbalances.
Emerging countries have fared better, but they, too, have started to flounder lately.
But it is only the eurozone that has badly disappointed in recent years.
The US was running a deficit of more than 6.5% of its GDP, and China had a surplus of close to 10% of its GDP.
The conventional wisdom on wealth and inequality is similarly mistaken.
Gaps in income and wealth may be shooting up within individual countries, but per capita income in developing countries is rising much faster than in the advanced economies.
And, critically, we must follow through on our commitments.
There have been some notable moves in this direction, though it remains to be seen whether they will translate into real action.
US government funding of research into hydraulic fracturing – the technology now driving the surge in America’s oil and gas production – dates back to the 1970s.
The maxims of today – the need for diverse suppliers, enhanced interconnection, greater efficiency, and a sensible energy mix – have been discussed for at least a decade.
Di negara-negara seperti Singapura dan Afrika Selatan, perusahaan yang terdaftar di bursa efek wajib mengungkapkan kinerja lingkungan hidup dan sosial, suatu persyaratan yang semakin dipandang perlu oleh investor dan regulator untuk menjalankan pasar keuangan yang efisien.
Namun upaya ini akan diterapkan secara lebih luas sebab pemberi modal dan regulator sudah mengakui dampak besar yang berasal dari gangguan lingkungan hidup.
Agar mampu menggerakkan modal yang diperlukan, pembuat kebijakan perlu mengendalikan kekuatan sistem keuangan.
But, as devastating as that outbreak has been, its death toll of less than 20,000 people is dwarfed by that of preventable diseases such as AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria, which together caused more than three million deaths in 2013, hitting the world’s poorest people the hardest.
Antibiotics have practically wiped out the disease in rich countries, and have helped to reduce TB’s mortality rate by more than one-third over the last two decades, saving an estimated 37 million lives since 1995.
Here, too, there is a cost-effective solution.
That is a $28 return for each dollar spent.
KIGALI – A decade ago, the global community stood together to declare that where people live should not determine whether they live or die when confronted by the scourge of AIDS, tuberculosis, or malaria.
Today, Rwanda is a peaceful country full of promise and hope, with one of the world’s fastest-growing economies.
And, alarmingly, only one in six patients with drug-resistant tuberculosis currently receives proper treatment.
The costs of inaction are morally – and economically – untenable.
Imperfect information and difficulties in monitoring firms pose significant obstacles to idealized risk-sharing instruments.
I am not advocating a return to the early Middle Ages, when Church usury laws forbade interest on loans.
These funds may prove to be an effective short-term salve, but, over the long run, they will likely fuel moral-hazard problems, and potentially plant the seeds of deeper crises in the future.
WASHINGTON, DC – The economic geography of the world is changing.
The fact that most participants in discussions about global poverty – the readers of this commentary included – know few, if any, people who live below the poverty line is an indication of the extent of the world’s economic segregation.
In fact, a limited amount of unemployment can help to promote development.
But the deep and pervasive inequality that exists today can only be condemned.
But this is just the beginning of a fundamental transformation.
In a medium that does not map onto political borders, it is impossible to manage risks successfully from just one jurisdiction.
Nor do they cooperate on the issue through other institutions, with the exception of the G-20 and the United Nations.
By 2020, two-thirds of the global population will be online.
The worldwide financial bubble cannot and should not be recreated.
Yet this will occur too slowly to prevent a rapid rise in unemployment and a massive shortfall of production relative to potential output.
The new financing would include direct loans from rich countries’ export-credit agencies to enable poor countries to borrow long term (for example, 40 years) to build roads, power grids, renewable energy generation, ports, fiber optic networks, and water and sanitation systems.
A year ago, most pundits argued that this was unsustainable.
On both accounts, aggregate demand will decline.
This is less startling than it may appear: econometric studies suggest that it takes a year to two before the full effects of oil-price increases are felt.
In either case, the US government, hamstrung by already-wide deficits, may feel powerless to respond with countercyclical fiscal policy.

बेशक, मार्शल योजना के विस्तार के पीछे एक राजनीतिक प्रेरणा थी। पश्चिमी यूरोप से लेकर पूर्वोत्तर एशिया तक के अमीर देशों का एक स्वच्छता घेरा बनाकर, अमेरिका को यह उम्मीद थी कि वह शीत युद्ध के शुरू होने पर साम्यवाद के प्रसार को रोक पाएगा। इसमें उन विकासशील देशों को छोड़ दिया गया जो इस तरह के राजनीतिक उद्देश्यों की पूर्ति नहीं करते थे।

Obesity is responsible for about 5% of deaths worldwide.
In India and China, the prevalence of obesity in cities is 3-4 times the rate in rural areas.
But all the evidence shows that relying on knowledge about obesity and willpower is not enough to offset the evolutionary instinct to overeat.
We do not yet have all the answers when it comes to the best way to tackle obesity.
Given the current level of official resources at the disposal of the International Monetary Fund and the European Union, Spain now seems too big to fail yet too big to be bailed out.
There are also the political and economic turmoil in Pakistan and the risk of a rise in cyber-attacks – for example, in retaliation for criminal proceedings against WikiLeaks.
Indeed, after four years (2007-2010) of either recession or sub-par recovery, the process of balance-sheet repair – while not completed yet – is underway, and may result in less saving and more spending to boost growth in advanced economies.
Until the crisis of 2008, middle- and lower-income job growth occurred entirely in the non-tradable sector of the economy, which accounts for roughly two-thirds of advanced countries’ output and employment.
But technology’s impact does not stop there.
Adjacency is no longer a requirement.
There is no guarantee that taking the right steps in these areas would entirely overcome the employment challenges that individuals and countries face, though doing so would help.
At the same time, the pace of technological progress and globalization necessitates rapid structural changes in both developed and developing countries alike.
The former would exacerbate the country’s slowdown, and neither change is in the cards.
The good news is that the gap between the emerging and advanced countries has narrowed greatly in the last three decades.
The End of Pasta?
But here, too, the evidence contradicts such fears; in fact, malaria deaths have dropped more than 25% over the last ten years.
Yields of all major crops have been rising dramatically in recent decades, owing to higher-yielding crop varieties and farmers’ greater use of fertilizer, pesticides, and irrigation.
Our linguine supplies are safe.
As in today’s developed countries, their consumption of wheat will not depend on whether it is produced in their own country, but on global food prices and local income.
It can be observed in surveys of the surface of the sea and in satellite measurements of the troposphere.
To be sure, surface temperatures remain important.
It confirms the long-held theory that the earth has an energy budget that is affected by radiative perturbations at the top of the atmosphere, though partitioning that energy between the surface and the deeper oceans has been difficult.
As long as we lack a clear understanding of the relationship between our cumulative greenhouse-gas emissions and the temperature of the earth, it will remain difficult to assess the potential for damage related to climate change caused by humans – or develop the right strategies to minimize it.
Should they instead delay reductions for 20 years?
Climate engineering has the advantage of speed.
When Mount Pinatubo erupted in 1991, about a million tons of sulfur dioxide was pumped into the stratosphere, reacting with water to form a hazy layer that spread around the globe, and – by scattering and absorbing incoming sunlight – cooled the earth’s surface for almost two years.
Many environmental lobbyists oppose even researching climate engineering.
Of course, with the EU already having promised an 8% cut by next year in the Kyoto Protocol, this new target seems slightly less ambitious. Moreover, in continuing the fundamental problems besetting the crippled Kyoto Protocol, the EU has essentially gone and made a worse deal.
But nobody sees fit to reveal the agreement’s dirty little secret: it will do next to no good, and again at very high cost. According to one well-established and peer-reviewed model, the effect of the EU cutting emissions by 20% will postpone warming in 2100 by just two years, yet the cost will be about $90 billion annually.
Fortunately, there is such a strategy: research and development.
Global warming is the most horrific challenge facing these regions, we are told. Its resolution is vital.
Our researcher accompanies him to a free clinic.
Twenty kilometers from Mojo, our researcher met Desi Koricho and her eight-month-old son, Michel.
For most regions, weather changes will increase agricultural productivity.
Rich countries and donors have limited budgets and attention spans.
But, she says: “The issues I am experiencing have greater priority.
Say we decide to reduce CO2 emissions by three-quarters by 2100 while maintaining reasonable growth.
Green and Galiana examine the state of non-carbon-based energy today – nuclear, wind, solar, geothermal, etc. – and find that, taken together, alternative energy sources would get us less than halfway toward a path of stable carbon emissions by 2050, and only a tiny fraction of the way toward stabilization by 2100.
That is the wrong question.
You know how you are told to give your kids organic food because pesticides will give them cancer? Well, it’s technically true that there is a link between the chemicals and illness, but the risk is miniscule in any well-regulated country.
Campaigners and the media claim that we should cut our CO2 emissions to save the polar bear.
The list of urgent concerns is topped by global warming, but also includes terrorism, pesticides, and the loss of biodiversity – and seems to have virtually no end.
Food has become more plentiful and affordable, especially in the developing world, where calorie availability has increased by 40% per person over the past 40 years, while food prices have more than halved.
Globalization After the Crisis
Indeed, while closing an economy may insulate it from shocks, it can also result in stagnation and even severe homegrown crises.
To pursue its comparative advantage and prosper in a globalized world, a country needs a price system that reflects the relative abundance of its factor endowments.
Government compensation for such pioneering firms can speed the process.
Anti-American sentiments are rising around the world.
Historical proof that globalization does not necessarily mean homogenization can be seen in Japan, a country that deliberately isolated itself from earlier waves of globalization.
Vibrant cultures are constantly changing and borrowing from other cultures - and that borrowing is not always from the US.
The Internet also allows people to establish a more diverse set of political communities.
The Cacophony of the World
And the United Nations, which best embodies the principles of international order, is as divided and impotent as ever.
The US may be intent on creating a transatlantic trade-and-investment pact with Europe, which would make a political statement to the world that the West writ large constitutes the universal normative reference point.
Even power itself is more fragmented than ever.
Poverty has been reduced. Life expectancy has increased.
Middle Eastern jihadis use the Internet to recruit young Europeans.
Widespread dangers, such as climate change or a new financial crisis, can require the cooperation of dozens of countries and a broad range of institutions.
As a result, governments across Europe, North America, Asia, and Oceania are becoming more parochial in their concerns, starving international agencies and regional organizations of the funding, credibility, and leadership capabilities needed to mount a proper response to the challenges of globalization.
Indeed, the foreign presence in soccer surpasses anything that we see in other areas of international commerce.
But soccer enthusiasts care about country as well as club, and here the consequences of the global mobility of talent are not as straightforward.
If you are a resident of Yaoundé, the decline in the quality of domestic play may not be a big deal if you can afford a cable connection that allows you to tune in to the English Premier League.
The lesson is not that embracing globalized soccer is a bad thing.
The fear of globalization in the West is nothing new.
Thus, foreign aid was regarded as a plot to trap poor nations in a neo-colonial embrace.
The current crisis did not create the debate about globalization now heard in the West; it only made it slightly more salient.
The world’s first wave of economic globalization, led by the British Empire in the nineteenth century, came to an end literally with a bang on a Sunday afternoon in 1914, when Gavrilo Princip killed (with two uncannily well-aimed bullets) Austria’s Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife.
But what of the unemployed who become locked into their societies? The war on terror has shown us the dangers that can arise from the social frustrations that often result.
This is why today’s most contentious borders separate economies where the income gaps between people on the two sides are the greatest.
If globalization, which has so enriched the world’s wealthiest countries, is to continue, governments must find ways to increase incomes more evenly.
As globalization connects far-flung people and economies, the consequences are not always what was expected – or welcome.
The roots of China’s problems lie in its attempt to shift from exports and investment in infrastructure to a growth model based on higher domestic consumption.
The protectionist impulse has been absent from the response to the current crisis so far, but that could change.
Europe and the US now face a new challenge: They must respond not only to their own economic difficulties, but also to the deep human suffering produced by economic and political failure elsewhere.
It is a “globally connected institution,” with more than 40 individual country partners and growing ties to other international organizations.
For starters, it means that not only NATO’s military resources, but also its human capital and practical knowledge in combating many different kinds of threats are available globally.
The most powerful member of a network is the node that has the most connections to others, which means that a node can increase its power not only by adding connections directly, but also by increasing the connectedness of nearby nodes.
On the contrary, not only are many of the scary-sounding ingredients perfectly safe, but manufacturers, in their haste to meet consumer demand, sometimes substitute inferior – or even harmful – ingredients or processes.
But that label has a profound impact: it sends the unmistakable message that BPA is a health hazard.
Forced to resort to older, more toxic, and less effective pesticides (primarily pyrethroids, which had been largely phased out), Europe’s farmers are seeing a resurgence of insect predation.
लेकिन वैज्ञानिक कभी-कभी वैज्ञानिक पद्धति को छोड़कर - प्रायः कुख्याति या आर्थिक लाभ के लिए - मिथ्या प्रचार करने और विशेषज्ञता रहित परंतु जानकारी की भूखी जनता में भय पैदा करने के लिए “धूर्तता” पर उतर आते हैं।  वैज्ञानिक अधिकार का ऐसा दुरुपयोग विशेष रूप से “जैविक” और “प्राकृतिक” खाद्य उद्योगों में व्यापक रूप से हो रहा है जो लोगों के कृत्रिम या “अप्राकृतिक” उत्पादों के भय का लाभ उठाते हैं।
यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए कि, जैसा कि फ़्लोरिडा विश्वविद्यालय में बागवानी विज्ञान विभाग के अध्यक्ष, केविन फ़ोल्टा ने स्पष्ट किया है, सिस्टम्स बायोलॉजी तभी एक उपयोगी दृष्टिकोण हो सकता है जब इसका उपयोग सही तरीके से किया जाए।  जैसा कि उन्होंने बताया है, सिस्टम्स बायोलॉजी “एक ऐसा तरीका है जिसमें विद्यमान डेटा को समेकित करने पर आधारित पूर्वानुमान लगाए जाते हैं, और फिर उससे सांख्यिकीय रूप से इस संभावना का पता लगाया जाता है कि क्या पूर्वानुमान सही हो सकते हैं।"  लेकिन, वे इस बात पर जोर देते हैं कि उसके बाद पूर्वानुमानों का परीक्षण किया जाना चाहिए, “और सिस्टम्स के दृष्टिकोण की पुष्टि की जानी चाहिए।"
God Crashes the Tea Party
Bush’s early avowal of his conversion experience was given in language poll-tested for acceptance by fundamentalist Christians.
Likewise, the Tea Party, which showed no interest in racist language or iconography at its outset, increasingly injects such demagoguery into its messages.
It was not the US that was gripped by this wave of racist paranoia, but France, the cradle of “liberté, egalité et fraternité.”
Either way, we need religion to curb nature’s vices.
The third difficulty for the view that morality is rooted in religion is that some elements of morality seem to be universal, despite sharp doctrinal differences among the world’s major religions.
2. You pass by a small child drowning in a shallow pond, and you are the only one around.
For example, because atheists supposedly lack a moral compass, they should be guided by pure self-interest and walk by the drowning child.
We can do this without blasphemy, because it is our own nature, not God, that is the source of our morality.
Moreover, an Iranian diplomat in Oslo, Mohammed Reza Heydari, resigned in protest against the regime’s behavior after the December riots.
A concrete demonstration of its commitment is the request to make better use of the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights.
The appeal of the historic gold standard lay in an institutional capacity to build confidence.
Thus, in periods after large new gold discoveries – for example, following the California Gold Rush of 1849, and again in the 1890’s, when new mining techniques opened up South African, Alaskan, and Australian reserves – the classical gold standard had a mild inflationary bias.
This became the central feature of the gold-standard world: a country that was losing gold reserves would tighten interest rates in order to attract money.
Autonomous interest-rate determination would penalize banks that have borrowed in southern Europe from their national central banks.
But, while “capitalism” – defined as an economic system built on private ownership of property – clearly has prevailed, there are many differences among the nearly 200 countries that now practice it in some form.
Southeast Asian economies have demonstrated great success with state guidance, and, until the late 1990’s, there were calls in the United States to emulate their practices.
In our view, the limits of managerial capitalism explain why, after approaching US levels of per capita income in the late 1980’s, both Western Europe and Japan failed to match America’s information-technology-driven productivity resurgence that began in the 1990s.
State-guided economies can continue their rapid growth path, but ultimately they will need to make a transition to a suitable blend of the other two forms of “good capitalism” if they want to continue rapid growth.
I can think of no better way to restore confidence in these two venerable institutions than to finally open up the way their presidents are selected.
Instead of a development strategy, there was simply an expansion of the anti-corruption agenda initiated by his predecessor, James Wolfensohn.
This is something for Wolfowitz’s successor to bear in mind.
Hats off, first, to Mexico for pioneering the idea of “conditional cash transfers” to poor households.
The Spanish Government rightly proposed that true solutions to poverty require simultaneous investments in health, education, agriculture, and infrastructure, and then the Spanish put up the funds to help make that integrated vision a practical reality.
Mali is eager to scale up investments in agriculture, health, education, and infrastructure in its 166 poorest communities.
Leadership is needed, within the countries in need as well as among the rich nations that can help to launch and finance the solutions.
Order never just emerges; it is the result of conscious efforts by the most powerful entities in the world.
So the old partners need new ones.
The prospect of a threat to the stability of the greater Middle East and to the flow of oil should give China an incentive to support robust sanctions against Iran.
This era’s major states, developed and emerging alike, have the ability to reach accord on today’s defining issues.
The first term defined the tumultuous middle of the twentieth century, the latter its benign ending.
The word had been used earlier, but in a rather different sense.
But in the 2000’s, the meaning of globalization shifted and began to take on a semi-positive note, in large part because it increasingly looked as if the major winners of globalization included many rapidly growing emerging markets.
Goodbye to Going It Alone
It was soon grew to a “G-7” of advanced industrial economies.
Leaders’ time is a scarce resource. They cannot afford to attend multiple summits for each transnational issue.
The G-8, for example, is often credited with helping to advance international trade rounds, addressing public health issues, and increasing aid to Africa.
Over the past six years, the value of the trade-weighted dollar has fallen by more than a quarter, as the US has continued to rack up historically unprecedented trade deficits.
State and municipal finances are in even worse shape.
And the absence of a Europe-wide fiscal policy creates significant uncertainty about how the European Central Bank would finance itself if it suddenly faced large losses on junk bank debt after a big bailout.
But it could happen a lot faster this time.
The ethnic minority groups that inhabit the area complain that the current revenue-allocation formula, which leaves Nigeria’s oil-producing states with only 13% of oil revenue, is grossly unfair and insufficient compensation for the damaged ecology they endure.
The powers of the Nigerian presidency are extensive, and Jonathan’s handlers have been dropping loud hints that they will deploy them to whip the governors – including the northerners – into line.
Muhammadu Buhari, whom Babangida replaced as military head of state in 1985, is also expected to run, as the nominee of the Congress of Progressive Change.
When the German engineer Karl Benz invented the first petroleum-powered automobile, he did not just create an engine with wheels; he set in motion an industry that revolutionized the way society was structured.
They started with images.
It has been the same with many of our changes.
For news, you might go directly to your favorite news service.
History is full of examples that show that size and past success guarantee nothing.
Someone in a garage somewhere is gunning for us, and 2015 could be the year that they make their move.


दुनिया भर में जब विद्यालयों के द्वार फिर से खुलेंगे, तो अंतरराष्ट्रीय समुदाय को यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए अपनी प्रतिबद्धता को फिर से दुहराना चाहिए कि हर बच्चे को, हर जगह, इन द्वारों में प्रवेश करने का एक मौका अवश्य मिले।
This principle was carried forward by groups like Médicins sans Frontières, whose doctors have risked their lives for the last four decades to deliver medical care to the world’s most dangerous places.
Of course, we must provide food, shelter, and vaccinations.
We have already assembled a coalition of ten donor countries to take the lead, but we need ten more donors to fund the project fully.
Since their abduction in April, global outrage has not waned; on the contrary, it has spurred a worldwide movement to uphold all girls’ basic rights.
And India has passed up another chance to outlaw child labor.
The timetable for doing so will be set out at the UN General Assembly in September in the presence of Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon.
Likewise, we have also seen in recent months the creation by schoolgirls in Bangladesh of child-marriage-free zones, aimed at defending the right of girls to stay in school instead of being married off as teenage brides against their will.
Some 57 million children still do not go to school, 500 million girls will never finish the secondary education to which they are entitled, and 750 million adults remain illiterate.
The late US Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren’s words in Brown v. Board of Education,which struck down the legal basis for racial segregation in America’s public schools, remain no less relevant today: “It is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if he is denied the opportunity of an education.”
The “Greed is good” mentality is a regular feature of financial crises.
In particular, bonuses based on medium-term results of risky trades and investments must supplant bonuses based on short-term outcomes.
These shareholders are represented by institutional investors (pension funds, etc.) whose interests, agendas, and cozy relationships often align them more closely with firms’ CEOs and managers.
EUGENE – In 2010, I sat across the table from Assistant US Trade Representative Barbara Weisel, who was responsible for negotiating the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), the mega-regional free-trade treaty among Vietnam, Malaysia, and ten other Pacific Rim countries that President Barack Obama’s administration wants to conclude in the coming weeks.
Weisel stated simply that “we have no position” on democracy.
But the TPP is not really a “trade” treaty at all. Rather, it is a vehicle for corporate lobbyists to achieve what they have been unable to persuade legislators to support through normal means.
At least for the Obama administration, the rush to conclude the TPP negotiations is doubtless driven by the desire to close the deal well ahead of America’s midterm election in November.
In his autobiography The World of Yesterday, Stefan Zweig described a similarly drastic change.
And while about 100 developing countries gained independence, the process was not always peaceful.
Over the last two decades, however, our hopes – political, social, and economic – have been repeatedly dashed.
That has jeopardized the Schengen Area of borderless travel, and some are asking whether the EU can withstand the pressure.
As a result, productivity growth is slowing, and, though capital seems cheap and profits plentiful, investment remains sluggish.

संपत्ति के अधिकारों को सशक्त करने के प्रयासों के बारे में जोर-शोर से किए जाने वाले प्रचार पर गौर करें।  यह दावा किया गया है कि उत्पादक संसाधनों के हस्तांतरणीय व्यक्तिगत स्वामित्व को हटा देने पर, विकास पहलों को आगे बढ़ाने के लिए साधन और प्रोत्साहन अपर्याप्त हो जाएँगे, और साझा संसाधनों ("सामुदायिक") का बहुत अधिक दोहन किया जाएगा और उनका अकुशल रूप से उपयोग किया जाएगा।
But he should have. The opposition quickly attacked the move as a “dangerous gimmick” and a “smokescreen.”
Such questions hide more basic ones: can the fulfillment of political goals really be quantified? Is it possible to evaluate a state in the same way that you evaluate a firm, thereby reducing its performance to a set of specific actions?
Thus, there is no contradiction between the aim of turning ministers into efficient managers and parliament’s power to hold members of the government accountable.
In Spain, despite tax hikes worth more than 4% of GDP since 2010, the tax-to-GDP ratio was only 38% in 2014, compared to 41% in 2007.
The state, it was loudly proclaimed, had to be rolled back.
Fortunately, there are a few things governments can do to mitigate the effects of inertial spending.
As private companies know, transformations – deep changes in the way things are done – often cost money before they bring savings.
In the digital age, they want it to meet new standards of speed, reliability, and personalization.
And it is one that George Akerlof and I explore in our new book, Phishing for Phools: The Economics of Manipulation and Deception.
In that case, bankruptcies and fear of bankruptcy spawn an epidemic of further bankruptcies, reinforcing fear.
By contrast, our view (supported by plenty of data) is that rapidly rising prices usually reflect irrational exuberance, aided and abetted by phishes.
LONDON – The conventional view in mainstream economics today is that governments have little capacity to spark innovation. The state should play as limited a role in the economy as possible, the thinking goes, intervening only in cases of “market failure.”
These types of public investments are critical in creating and shaping new markets.
And capital gains tax has fallen by more than 50% since the 1980s.
Most Canadians live closer to more Americans than they do to other Canadians.
Governments are essential to the establishment of security, justice, property rights, and contract enforcement, all of which are essential to a market economy.
After all, maximizing profits is what CEOs are supposed to do.
Manufacturing requires dedicated urban space that is adequately connected to power, water, transport, logistics, security, and a diverse labor force.
Demands that are perceived as greedy erode legitimacy and, ultimately, effectiveness.
But there is a figurative goldmine – safer and potentially at least as lucrative as the real thing – that most countries possess, but few choose to exploit fully: government procurement.
That is where government procurement comes in.
Let’s say that the country incurs a cost of 100 of some unit because of its water shortages.
As it stands, the eight Latin American countries that take the OECD’s standardized PISA exam are among the 15 worst-performing countries of the 65 that participate in the program.
BOGOTA–In January 2006, a few days after Evo Morales’ election as President of Bolivia, Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez predicted that a new wave of left-wing governments would sweep across Latin America.
Around 48% of Nicaragua’s population is mired in poverty, with 79.9% living on less than two dollars a day.
But several previous Venezuelan governments presided over similar bonanzas, and few – if any – invested the resources in public projects and social initiatives, as Chávez has.
Grading Obamanomics
Obama would add $6.5 trillion to the United States’ national debt, more than all previous presidents, from George Washington to George W. Bush, combined.
Determining the size of likely losses is necessary to decide whether banks’ retained earnings from profitable ongoing operations and their ability to raise private capital will allow them to work down their toxic assets over time.
The big questions left unanswered are how far Obama wants to push the US toward a European-style social-welfare state, how he intends to pay for it, and how much long-term economic damage will result?
Sheikh Hasina escaped the massacre of her family only because she was in Germany at the time.
Indeed, Clinton’s intervention in the feud between Yunus and the Sheikh Hasina highlights the danger of foreign influence in Bangladesh’s internal affairs.
Can we hope that the Grameen affair will be a prelude to the fight for the liberal reforms that will transform the Bangladeshi economy?
Unfortunately, the supremely confident Kasparov did not take Deep Blue seriously enough in the 1997 rematch.
It gets worse.
Man and machine have learned to co-exist, for now.
Barring another round of deep financial crises, it won’t be – as long as politicians do not stand in the way of the new paradigm of trade, technology, and artificial intelligence.
Most recently, incoming President Xi Jinping, visiting the National Museum of China’s “Road Toward Renewal” exhibition, pledged to continue the “great renewal of the Chinese nation.”
Having dominated East and Southeast Asia for all but the last two centuries of the past two millennia, China is chafing at the current US-led regional order of sovereign states, in which even the smallest enjoys the same rights, privileges, and protection as the largest.
Likewise, France’s recent presidential election bolstered those who argue that Europe must grow its way out of its debt-heavy public sector, rather than aim for immediate fiscal orthodoxy.
The newly hired workers and newly formed businesses spend money, which induces more hiring, more start-ups, and yet more spending.
Expansive, growth-based policy could work better in Germany than in many eurozone countries for which it is being prescribed.
Magda Bianco, Silvia Giacomelli, and Giacomo Rodano, researchers at the Bank of Italy, report that these institutional roadblocks to expansion remain substantial in Italy.
With countries in Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin American fearing that, having reached the international middle class, they could be stuck there, Greece and Argentina shed light on how that might happen.
Indeed, Greece may have dropped out of the high-income category in recent years.
Think of powerful business groups vetoing moves to improve tax collection or strengthen competition policy.
Greece exports refined petroleum products, olive oil, raw cotton, and dried fruit.
Greece has met its creditors’ demands far more than halfway. Yet Germany and Greece’s other creditors continue to demand that the country sign on to a program that has proven to be a failure, and that few economists ever thought could, would, or should be implemented.
A dose of reality on the part of Greece’s creditors – about what is achievable, and about the macroeconomic consequences of different fiscal and structural reforms – could provide the basis of an agreement that would be good not only for Greece, but for all of Europe.
We still don’t know the full extent of linkages among financial institutions, including those arising from non-transparent derivatives and credit default swaps.
The euro was supposed to strengthen it.
The future of Europe and the euro now depends on whether the eurozone’s political leaders can combine a modicum of economic understanding with a visionary sense of, and concern for, European solidarity.
In the end, outcomes may – and often do – depend on the amorphous yet essential qualities of integrity, trustworthiness, and interpersonal “chemistry.”
The six months of finger pointing and brinkmanship that preceded the deal have created a mountain of mistrust among leaders and citizens alike.
Given the lack of trust between the parties to the deal, the situation will remain extremely volatile for some time.
But the Iranians are nothing like the Nazis, and there is no country like the Soviet Union posing the kind of threat that inspired US President Richard Nixon to head to Beijing in 1972.
Indeed, the answer will become clear in a matter of months, or even weeks.
One might argue that the deal with Iran represents a fundamental shift in the country’s stance toward the West.
Greece had no such option.
But the deal can – and must – serve as the basis for saving Greece and the eurozone.
Yet the new deal anticipates that Greece will make up for the year’s fiscal shortfall in just five months.
Fiscal discipline should not take priority over the important structural reforms included in the new deal, particularly measures to overhaul pensions, the legal system, product markets, public administration, and the judiciary.
Meanwhile, Greek banks – which, given their huge volume of non-performing loans, are now more likely to be insolvent than illiquid – will require massive recapitalization, funded by the European Stability Mechanism, not the Greek state, in order to break the bank-sovereign link.
Economists who pretend that this would be anything less than an economic and political catastrophe for Greece should look closely at the structure of Greek trade, the anemic response of exports to the already huge internal devaluation, and company and household balance sheets.
Tsipras and his new finance minister, Euclid Tsakalotos, have gone to extraordinary lengths to mollify Greece’s creditors.
Other European finance ministers will have to answer for agreeing to forward to their leaders a provisional draft containing Schäuble’s destructive language.
Finally, the privatization fund at the center of the new program will do nothing to encourage structural reform.
They must continue to push for a better deal.
Germany is demanding that Greece continue to service its debts in full, even though Greece is clearly broke and the International Monetary Fund has noted the need for debt relief.
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble has a clear negotiating strategy, aimed at getting Greece to agree to leave the eurozone.
There are plenty of precedents for such a course.
Specifically, the government should make clear to all Greeks that their euro deposits are safe; that the country will remain within the eurozone (despite the false claims by some members of the Eurogroup that a no vote means a Greek exit); and that its banks will reopen immediately after the referendum.
The result would be a win not only for those countries, but also for the world economy.
Public administration is in urgent need of modernization, and public resources must be used more efficiently.
The result of this method, in our government’s opinion, is an “austerity trap.”
The way to cure an ailing pension system is to cut pensions.
None of this means that common ground cannot be achieved immediately.
This approach has “worked” in Spain, Ireland, and Portugal, but at the cost of epic recessions.
In any case, faster GDP growth will pay for everything, thanks to high fiscal multipliers. Europe passed up a free lunch.
In Ireland and Spain, private bondholders, not Irish and Spanish taxpayers, should have taken the hit from bank failures.
Further aid to the European periphery is still badly needed.
In fact, Greece will likely depend on concessional funding from official sources in the years ahead – funding that is conditional on reforms, not debt ratios.
Greece may account for less than 2% of eurozone GDP, but the pursuit of shortsighted ad hoc solutions to its problems may set precedents that could bring down the entire monetary union.
To be sure, in recent years, the European institutional framework has undergone major reforms that reflect the principles of “Maastricht 2.0,” such as the need to emphasize national responsibility for public finances and international competitiveness.
In 2010, Europe and the International Monetary Fund extended loans to the insolvent Greek state equal to 44% of the country’s GDP.
Finally, in November, at the earliest, and after the first review of the new program is completed, “the Eurogroup stands ready to consider, if necessary, possible additional measures… aiming at ensuring that gross financing needs remain at a sustainable level.”
Unsustainable debt is, sooner or later, written down.
Life under it is becoming nasty, brutish and, for many of my compatriots, short.
A government's ability to redistribute wealth will also be limited if raising taxes causes capital or high-income earners to flee the country.
If they continued the reparation payments or attempted to negotiate with Germany's “creditors," they would have discredited themselves in the eyes of their supporters.
When democracy is used to justify shifting a country's burden onto its neighbors, integration becomes impossible – and both democracy and the international order may be jeopardized.
Unemployment stands at 25%. Youth unemployment is at 50%.
To be sure, European politicians are not blind to what is happening in Greece.
Such measures would likely require parliamentary votes in countries across the eurozone, where many governments would face intense public opposition – no matter how obvious the need.
Indeed, it is the type of heedlessness that led US Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson to let Lehman Brothers fail in September 2008, ostensibly to teach the market a “lesson.”
Should they press their demands, forcing Greece to exit, the world will never again trust the euro’s longevity.
But even the International Monetary Fund argued that contractions, such as cutbacks in government spending, were just that – contractionary.
Greece has also once again reminded us of how badly the world needs a debt-restructuring framework.
At the international level, we have not yet created an orderly process for giving countries a fresh start.
There is nothing particularly special about the dilemmas that Greece faces today; many&nbsp;countries have been in the same position.
If Europe says no to Greek voters’ demand for a change of course, it is saying that democracy is of no importance, at least when it comes to economics.
For starters, the IMF's Articles of Agreement require it to interact only with entities that are fully accountable for the help received: a member country's “treasury, central bank, stabilization fund, or other similar fiscal agency." But the institutions with which the IMF is dealing in the eurozone are no longer responsible for their country's macroeconomic management; that power lies with the European Central Bank.
This cast doubt on the transparency and accountability of the Fund's debt-sustainability projections.
CAMBRIDGE – When looking out a window, it is easy to be fooled by your own reflection and see more of yourself than the outside world.
But the truth is that the recession in Greece has little to do with an excessive debt burden.
Insufficient spending was never an issue.
In other words, unless Greece boosts exports, spending cuts will amplify the output loss in the same way that Keynesian multipliers amplified the output gain from borrowing.
But the bottom line is that Greece needs to develop its productive capabilities if it wants to grow.
In these scenarios, the most stable outcome tends to be a draw in which both sides are partly satisfied.
But his negotiating technique – unpredictable oscillations between aggressiveness and weakness – is the opposite of what game theory would dictate.
By focusing the QE debate on risk-sharing, Draghi managed to distract Germany from an infinitely more important issue: the enormous size of the QE program, which completely defied the German taboo against monetary financing of government debts.
Greece’s idealistic new leaders seem to believe that they can overpower bureaucratic opposition without the usual compromises and obfuscations, simply by brandishing their democratic mandate.
The only other possibility, if and when Greek banks start collapsing, would be an exit from the euro.
Athena sendiri memerlukan 22% lebih besar dari alam dibandingkan sumber daya yang dapat disediakan oleh ekosistemnya.
Menurut perhitungan kami, kenaikan harga komoditas sebesar 10% saja akan mengakibatkan pukulan terhadap neraca perdagangan Yunani – setara dengan 0,3% PDBnya.
Bidang lain di Yunani yang memerlukan tindakan pemerintah adalah pangan.
Today, with Greece facing many of the same challenges, it is worth taking a closer look at the lessons learned from Argentina’s crisis.
And yet, the widespread predictions of catastrophe did not come to pass.
The vast majority of economists (outside of Germany) agree that Greece’s debt should be written down and its fiscal policy relaxed.
Greece does need radical structural reform.
Argentina’s fourth lesson takes the form of a cautionary tale.
NEW YORK – The Greek euro tragedy is reaching its final act: it is clear that either this year or next, Greece is highly likely to default on its debt and exit the eurozone.
It took Germany ten years to restore its competitiveness this way; Greece cannot remain in a depression for a decade.
A similar “drachmatization” of euro debts would be necessary and unavoidable.
More importantly, the exit path would restore growth right away, via nominal and real depreciation, avoiding a decade-long depression.
The experience of Iceland and many emerging markets over the past 20 years shows that nominal depreciation and orderly restructuring and reduction of foreign debts can restore debt sustainability, competitiveness, and growth.
It would complete the fire sales within three years.
It did not have to be this way.
The Development Bank that we proposed would “allow the government to choose which assets are to be privatized and which not, while guaranteeing a greater impact on debt reduction from the selected privatizations.”
Barroso’s statement was meant to be reassuring.
Compared to 2007 and 2008, foreign investors’ holdings in emerging markets are much higher, owing to these countries’ relative economic strength in recent years and rock-bottom returns on developed-market financial assets.
The infrastructure for such cooperation has developed strongly since 2008, and China must not shy away from advocating its deployment.
As such, the PBoC will need to maintain counter-cyclical policies in order to avoid a deflationary spiral.
Of course, IMF governance reform will also need to be part of the discussion.
What the Greeks call democracy comes across in many other – equally democratic – countries as irresponsible unilateralism.
(Whether they did the right thing in 2012 by lending to Greece so that their own bankers could be repaid is a legitimate, but separate question.)
It need not have been this way.
After all, the terms on offer from the country’s creditors are unlikely to change much.
Economists around the world have condemned that target as punitive, because aiming for it will inevitably result in a deeper downturn.
But why would Europe do this?
And, sure enough, what we are seeing now, 16 years after the eurozone institutionalized those relationships, is the antithesis of democracy: Many European leaders want to see the end of Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras’s leftist government.
I know how I would vote.
In that case, the event should have reflected that complexity.
But what is the justification for that confrontation? That they had the audacity to demand progress toward the rule of law and social justice, as well as efforts to tame Greece’s shipping magnates and its tax-avoiding clergy?
The countries of Central Europe that endured Nazi and Soviet totalitarianism do not need lessons in legitimacy from anyone – especially not the Greek prime minister.
The early poll was no surprise: almost a third of Tsipras’s colleagues in his leftist Syriza Party refused to endorse the bailout he had negotiated with the country’s creditors.
During the period of Greece’s accession to the eurozone, from 1994 to 2001, its economy stabilized.
But an alternative accounting method could also be used, registering expenditures when payments – in accordance with front-loaded schedules – were actually made.
Optimists will note that the underlying fiscal situation in Greece is healthier.
Just going from one crisis to the next will ruin the economy for decades to come – and will exhaust the patience of even the most sympathetic of Greece’s partners.
The theory behind structural reforms is simple: opening the economy to competition will increase the efficiency with which resources are allocated.
To place this number in perspective, remember that Greek GDP has shrunk by 25% since 2009.
Of course, Greece lacks the most direct instrument for achieving this – currency depreciation – owing to its eurozone membership.
But, as successful countries around the world have discovered, a best-practice mindset does not help much in promoting new exports.
Syriza’s economic program rejects the austerity policies supported – or, some might say, imposed – by the so-called “troika” (the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank, and the European Commission).
Moreover, a debt reduction in the form of further interest-rate reductions and maturity extensions on foreign government-held debt would not hurt financial markets.
Such an outcome would be even more disheartening in light of the tragic terrorist attacks in Paris, and after unity marches in France and across the continent rekindled a long-fading sense of European solidarity.
A Greek exit from the euro is not a more viable solution today than it was three years ago.
A credible commitment by Greece to sound macroeconomic policies requires adjusting the troika’s targets to reflect realities.
What is needed now is a new reform-oriented agreement – one that recognizes the need for measures to be implemented in the right sequence, delaying those that will have a recessionary effect.
Third, Greece needs a sound and predictable legal system.
In fact, many of its policies – most notably, the new education bill – have been regressive.
If the government embraces this agenda, the troika should reward it with debt relief, both by extending loan maturities and by lowering interest rates.
Already, Greek voters handed the far-left anti-austerity Syriza party a sweeping victory in January.
This would increase already-high unemployment, expose excessive financial risk-taking, embolden Russia, and strengthen populist movements further, thereby impeding comprehensive policy responses.
The rescue program designed to keep Greece from crashing out of the eurozone has raised the country’s debt-to-GDP ratio from 130% at the start of the crisis in 2009 to more than 170% today, with the International Monetary Fund predicting that the debt burden could reach 200% of GDP in the next two years.
Dependence on aid undermines the implicit contract between citizens and their government, according to which politicians must keep taxpayers satisfied in order to stay in office.
Cutting the umbilical cord in a relationship of aid dependency is never easy, and there is no reason to expect that it will be any different with Greece.
First, the new loans did not represent a bailout for Greece so much as a cynical transfer of private losses from the banks’ books onto the shoulders of Greece’s most vulnerable citizens.
Similarly, European citizens should have demanded that their governments refuse even to consider transferring private losses to them.
In practical terms, the February 20 Eurogroup agreement, which provided a four-month extension for loan repayments, offers an important opportunity for progress.
If this mismanagement continues, not only Greece but also European unity will be fatally undermined.
Greek officials have repeatedly tried to discuss the need to restructure the debt by slashing interest rates, extending maturities, and perhaps cutting the face value of the debt as well.
Yet the failure of the European institutions is more alarming.
Its analysis has been by far the most professional and least politicized.
The decisions taken by Europe in the next several days will determine Greece’s fate; wittingly or not, they will determine the EU’s fate as well.
Nor can it withstand the inevitable attacks directed against EU institutions for every action and regulation that citizens dislike and for which national politicians want to avoid responsibility.
For the US, those questions arose in the 1840s and 1850s, when the urgent need for a union to secure independence had faded, causing issues and conflicts that had been papered over to resurface.
For the EU to continue its march toward a stronger and closer polity and economy –one that nevertheless falls far short of a federal state – it must offer the credible prospect of a better life for all of its citizens.
It is for this reason that Greece and Germany, its largest creditor, need a new modus vivendi in order to resume negotiations.
When Germany faced comparable conditions in the early 1930s, its creditors shrugged, and the resulting instability allowed for the rise of Adolf Hitler.
Tsipras’s response to these provocations has been clear and consistent: Greece should stay in the eurozone, and it needs a fresh financial start to do so.
With the promise of deep debt relief for Greece and a rapprochement between Greece and Germany, economic confidence will return.
It is not.
The eurozone’s political leaders agreed to start negotiations on a much larger package, worth €86 billion, almost half of Greece’s GDP.
The bitter dispute within the Eurogroup (comprising the eurozone countries’ finance ministers) not only strained relations among the monetary union’s members, but also fueled tensions within national governments.
The rules were indeed violated, but whether the bailout decision rescued the euro remains to be seen.
These countries’ governments would then have felt compelled to rescue tottering banks with their taxpayers’ money.
The lesson to be drawn from the Greek debacle is that the eurozone must develop sovereign insolvency procedures as quickly as possible, thereby preventing other sovereigns from becoming creditors through debt mutualization.
Three weeks ago, International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde’s called for talks to resume “with adults in the room.”
It has been clear for five years that Greece’s debts are unsustainable.
A rational banker might deliberately provoke bankruptcy and suffer larger write-offs than necessary, in order to teach lessons and create better future incentives.
And yet, if you replace “Illinois” with Ireland, Spain, or Greece, that is how things work in the eurozone.
Adult negotiators have to face two realities: large debt write-offs are inevitable, and punishing Greece further will not put the eurozone on the path to financial discipline.
A professor of game theory, Varoufakis recently boasted to the New York Times that “little Greece, in order to survive, [could] bring down the financial world,” and that his media image “as an irrational fool… is doing my work for me” by frightening other EU finance ministers.
Before January, this sequence of events was quite likely, but the ECB’s bond-buying program put a firebreak at each point of the contagion process. If holders of Portuguese bonds are alarmed by a future Greek default, the ECB will simply increase its bond buying; with no limit to its buying power, it will easily overwhelm any selling pressure.
Spanish ten-year bonds, for example, are still trading at interest rates below US Treasuries.
Another crucial innovation has been the development of the European Stability Mechanism, which, like the International Monetary Fund, has the capacity to execute vast financial bailouts, subject to conditionality.
Germans have a point when they argue that complaints about “austerity” ought to be directed at Greece’s previous governments.
Third, Greece’s eurozone partners wield a massive stick that is typically absent in sovereign-debt negotiations.
PRINCETON – Greece's new government, led by the anti-austerity Syriza party, presents the eurozone with a challenge that it has not yet had to face: dealing with national officials who are outside the traditional European mainstream.
And just about the only bargaining chip that Varoufakis holds may be the implicit threat that Greece could leave the euro ("Grexit").
Consider the first condition.
The resulting uncertainty about policies and prices might produce a severe adverse shock on the real economy, sending unemployment to even greater heights.
Since the onset of the crisis, Greek wages have dropped by more than 15% – a process called, appropriately enough, internal devaluation.
Greek Lessons for Europe
In that case, the euro would be in danger of failing, for the first time seriously imperiling the entire project of European integration.
The current crisis has, however, also shown that the Council of Finance Ministers (Ecofin) is unable to assert such control over EU member states’ fiscal policies.
What is necessary now is statesman-like leadership – and even more so states woman -like leadership.
Democracy is compatible with national sovereignty only if we restrict globalization.
They understood that democratic countries would need the space to conduct independent monetary and fiscal policies.
The EU’s difficulties stem from the fact that the global financial crisis caught Europe midway through a similar process.
They could not stop the Greek government from borrowing (indirectly) from the European Central Bank (ECB) as long as credit rating agencies deemed Greek debt creditworthy.
The choice that the EU faces is the same in other parts of the world: either integrate politically, or ease up on economic unification.
With the government lacking fiscal room, and Greek banks burdened by non-performing loans, it is important to mobilize the state’s remaining assets and unclog the flow of bank credit to healthy parts of the private sector.
One can easily imagine Greece recovering strongly as a result of this strategy.
Only the bright light of democratic transparency can remove such impediments; our government is determined to help it shine through.
The IMF seems to have lent Greece such a large amount for political reasons.
In South Korea, net private-capital inflows of 4.8% of GDP in 1996 swung to net outflows of 3.4% of GDP in 1997.
Greece, by contrast, has utterly failed to engineer a recovery.
Many have questioned whether agonizing reforms are entirely necessary; if the country returned to the drachma, they suggest, it could implement interest-rate cuts and devalue its exchange rate, thereby engineering an export-led recovery.
Indeed, the outcome could determine whether the country remains in the eurozone, with far-reaching implications for the rest of the monetary union.
But, at the end of 2014, public debt amounted to 175% of GDP, having increased from its 2009 level of 127%.
Such an approach would strengthen Syriza’s position in debt-relief negotiations.
But it would do nothing to address the real problem: the increasing economic divergence among eurozone countries.
That story was repeated by media organizations worldwide.
The theory grew out of the experience of the southern United States, where many jurisdictions required stores to close on Sunday, thus preventing the sale of alcohol.
Of course, he would also have been one of the major investors in the wind-power and natural-gas companies that would benefit from government subsidies.
Businesses see opportunities for taxpayer-funded subsidies, and to pass on inevitable cost growth to consumers.
Factories and mines make up the rest.
California’s latest building and appliance standards are expected to avoid the need for five large power plants in the next 10 years.
Each year, it adds more new energy generation capacity than the installed base of the United Kingdom.
Repeated studies have shown that well-designed buildings are more comfortable.
Tenants need to take the same care with buildings that they do with cars.
Likewise, there is economic value produced when wastewater is naturally cleaned by wetlands, but no transaction has occurred, so it is not counted in GDP.
Such information is crucial for making good decisions.
The Nakivubo Swamp is not a case of economic logic prevailing, but exactly the opposite – a failure to consider all options and choose the best.
In practice, green accounting might easily have led our forefathers not to cut down forests, because this would entail losing a valuable resource.
But, to be successful, a “green new deal” will have to address some enormous challenges in the developing world, where the impact of global warming will be felt first and hardest, and where rapid growth requires massive expansion of cheap energy.
The problem is that these are currently much more costly options than their carbon-heavy alternatives.
This time, moreover, the burden will not fall on one country alone, and a broader mix of traditional and innovative sources of financing are already available to help fund the required investment programs in energy efficiency and renewables.
At that point, global policymakers got religion and started to use most of the weapons in their arsenal: vast fiscal-policy easing; conventional and unconventional monetary expansion; trillions of dollars in liquidity support, recapitalization, guarantees, and insurance to stem the liquidity and credit crunch; and, finally, massive support to emerging-market economies.
This will be bad news for consumption and the size of bank losses.
Seventh, monetization of fiscal deficits is not inflationary in the short run, whereas slack product and labor markets imply massive deflationary forces.
But, despite the goal of unity and collective action underpinning the summit, the best way forward for the global economy is to build on the actions that individual countries and regions are taking in pursuit of their own interests.
Yet today’s global economy is all we have, so we need to make the most of it in driving forward the green changes that are needed.
Shaping unilateralism requires new ways to collaborate, and such platforms are emerging.
Greenspan Hypnotizes Himself
So Mr. Greenspan decided to extend a peace offering to the Europeans.
In any case, protecting exports by resisting euro appreciation – or, more precisely, dollar depreciation – is a poor way to promote economic growth.
Simply put, there must be dollar depreciation to keep global imbalances in check.
Other countries' fate would be called into question, as occurred during the Asian currency crises of 1997-98 or the European sovereign-debt crisis of 2010-2012.
But it does not follow that the loss would be harmless.
None of this is currently lethal, owing to the initiatives taken in recent years; but it would be a mistake to assume that full confidence has been restored.
None of this means that eurozone members should be ready to pay whatever cost is needed to keep Greece inside the eurozone.
The situation in Syria feels more and more like what we witnessed in Bosnia 20 years ago.
Yet it was accomplished for more than a decade in neighboring Iraq to keep Saddam Hussein from attacking segments of his own population, so we know that it can be done in Syria as well.
And, while the participation of the US, which has by far the greatest logistical capacity, is essential, it should not be in the forefront.
This points to a systemic dimension of the crisis that cannot be reduced to profligate behavior by fiscal sinners.
Core countries, meanwhile, argue that they can do little to strengthen aggregate demand and relieve pressure on their partners, even as the periphery’s agony is dragging the core into recession, owing to its dependence on peripheral export markets.
At their meeting at the end of June, European leaders acknowledged for the first time the multiple dimensions of the crisis, accepting that austerity – putting everyone’s house in order – will not suffice.
The sizeable investments required to make up for the loss of nuclear energy may contribute more immediate stimulus.
For example, GDP growth in Brazil has slowed sharply, from 7.5% in 2010 to 2.7% in 2011 and to just 0.9% in 2012, while India’s growth rate slowed from 10.5% to 3.2% over the same period.
Given this, China’s economic slowdown since the first quarter of 2010 has apparently been caused mainly by external and cyclical factors.
How much faster is an empirical question. According to the Growth Commission led by Nobel laureate Michael Spence, 13 economies took full advantage of their latecomer status after World War II and achieved annual GDP growth rates of 7% or higher – at least twice as high as developed countries’ growth rates – for 25 years or longer.
To realize its potential growth as a latecomer, China needs, above all, to deepen its market-oriented reforms, address various structural problems, and develop its economy according to its comparative advantages.
I went to Bhutan to understand better how GNH is being applied.
The first concerned the environmental devastation that he could observe – including the retreat of glaciers and the loss of land cover – as he flew from Bhutan to India.
The question of how to guide an economy to produce sustainable happiness – combining material well-being with human health, environmental conservation, and psychological and cultural resiliency – is one that needs addressing everywhere.
Bhutan has embarked on such a serious journey.
You may recall the story of Richard Nixon attending the independence celebrations in Ghana.
But – and here comes the real hit – carbon-dioxide emissions grew seventeen-fold.
Let me explain.
British voters line up behind the truck drivers when protests are launched against hikes in the price of petrol, not least through the introduction of higher energy taxes.
History is said to repeat itself, first as tragedy, second as farce.
Although China’s government does not keep any of its international commitments on economic, social, and cultural rights, the world’s democracies appear to have lost their willingness to stand up for their beliefs, as President Barack Obama’s kowtow to China during his November visit painfully demonstrated.
That route will lead only to moral and political decay.
A closed society will eventually return to a closed economy.
But financial deregulation in the 1980’s ushered us into uncharted territory.
Thus, many financial institutions, especially the largest, operate with an implicit government guarantee.
To grasp the rationale for a more broad-based approach to financial regulation, consider three other regulated industries: drugs, tobacco, and firearms.
As a result, most advanced societies impose direct controls on gun ownership.
The task for governments is to commit to putting this focus on wellbeing into practice.
As a measure of policy success, GDP is particularly poorly suited to countries with large public sectors.
The fourth key insight is that indicators of wellbeing interact.
CAMBRIDGE – “Life,” Oscar Wilde famously said, “imitates Art far more than Art imitates Life.”
Most important, information is no longer sequestered in a virtual realm, but permeates the environment in which we live.
Malicious hackers are difficult to combat with traditional government and industry tools – the Sony Pictures case being a telling example.
Similar to traditional military command-and-control protocols, they gain power in numbers and can quickly react to a broad array of attacks.
On current indications, the amount Americans will give to relief efforts in Haiti could surpass the $1.9 billion they gave to assist victims of the 2004 Asian tsunami, which until now has stood as a record for donations to a disaster outside the United States.
Why do people give generously to earthquake victims, but not to prevent the much larger number of deaths brought about by extreme poverty, insufficient food, unsafe water, lack of sanitation, and the absence of even the most basic health care?
The people who contributed to this drop by delivering effective basic health care, building a supply of safe water, or immunizing children against measles remain largely unknown.
What should we do? Brian Tucker, founder of the non-profit organization Geohazards International, urges that 10% of the money raised by relief efforts should be set aside for mitigating damage from future earthquakes: training builders, improving engineering, and making the public more aware of the risks and how to reduce them.
The Haitian Ministry of Public Health reports that the number of deaths is approaching 2,000, with the number of infections exceeding 80,000.
They are providing water-purification materials, carrying out large-scale public-information campaigns, and helping to build treatment centers.
It is vital that the Haitian people in all communities are fully informed about how to deal with this disease, and that they understand that cholera is quickly cured when diagnosed and treated quickly.
Millions of people look to the international community for immediate survival.
But, at the end of the day, Haitians can stand only on their own.
A believer in the essentially political nature of Haiti’s tragedy, Fernandez rightly aspires to turn the current crisis into the lever for state-building, Haiti’s extraction from political isolation, and its maturation into an active member of the regional and world community.
The Dominicans are right to seek at least a more solid regional commitment.
Precisely because developing a mutually beneficial border regime is, as Secretary of State Hillary Clinton rightly remarked in her 2009 visit to the island, a task that affects the two countries’ stability and well-being, it also needs to be part of the current international reconstruction effort.
The scenes of devastation are still vivid in the streets and neighborhoods of Gaza, and Hamas is taking no chances of provoking Israel into a new war.
President Mahmoud Abbas has made no secret of his objection to such a strategy.
Abbas has repeatedly described peace as a strategic choice for the Palestinians.
Fayyad has also gained the backing of Fatah and most other Palestinian groups in the West Bank.
Palestinian politics is approaching the point of no return.
The confrontations have come at a time when Abbas has been trying to persuade Hamas to moderate its anti-Israel stance and ally with Fatah in a national unity government.
With the Gaza Strip in its backyard, Egypt has already mediated several times between Hamas and Fatah, and has been trying, so far unsuccessfully, to arrange a swap of prisoners with Israel following Hamas’s abduction of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit.
Israel might not wait for Abbas and his forces, but rather launch a full-scale intervention to weaken Hamas.
The Hamas victory is, first and foremost, an indication of the total failure of the traditional Palestinian leadership to create a body politic.
It was not only the endemic corruption of the official Palestinian leadership that turned so many Palestinians from it.
Hence, Israel must start deciding the future boundaries of the country unilaterally, hoping for eventual negotiations at a later stage.
One surely that EU diplomacy has sought to bring about.
In this case, Abbas would leave Annapolis in a stronger position and thus be better able to negotiate with Hamas to establish a national unity government.
Such an arrangement can establish the strong popular legitimacy that the Palestinians will need at the negotiating table in order to make any real compromise.
Hamas’s Real Enemies
Given their strong self-interest in thwarting Islamist revolutionary groups, especially those aligned with Iran, they are not inclined to listen to the “Arab street” – which is far quieter than it was during previous conflicts, such as the 1991 war in Kuwait, the 2000-2004 Palestinian uprising, or the 2006 Israel-Hezbollah war.
An aspect of this is that the largely Sunni Muslim-led states face a largely Shia Muslim-led competitor for regional hegemony.
Such a campaign actually disheartens the relative moderates who, feeling sold out, will try to cut their own deal with Tehran.
What should you do?
According to recent reports, Hamas’s senior officials are currently hiding in hospitals.
Not unreasonably, Israel wants an internationally guaranteed and monitored ceasefire agreement that would put a total stop to Hamas assaults against its territory.
Olmert, Defense Minister Ehud Barak, and Foreign Minister Tzippi Livni have cast aside their political rivalries in order to orchestrate an answer: Israel must fight off the Gazan rockets.
Israel has gone a long way since the Arab world set out to kill it off.
Nevertheless, in Gaza’s political milieu, Hamas is a moderate Islamic group that opposes al-Qaeda-style extremism.
In a recent declaration, the group made favorable mention of al-Qaeda leaders Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri.
While traditional Salafi movements have stayed away from politics, the younger groups see activism and violence as the best means of realizing their goals.
With hundreds of tunnels connecting the Gaza Strip and Sinai, it is very difficult to control the flow of arms, ammunition, and possibly foreign fighters.
Altogether, Italian GDP has contracted by 9% during the past seven years.
What Italy managed in the past by devaluing the lira must now be emulated through so-called real depreciation.
Even if a country’s trade unions enable such a policy through wage moderation, debtors would run into difficulties, because they borrowed on the assumption that high inflation would continue.
Renzi is not alone in this.
The Doha Round of WTO talks was a flop, and the agreement reached in Bali last year, despite being sold as a success, does little more than accelerate the collection of customs duties.
But these benefits are far from guaranteed.
But it is not acceptable for the EU to offer foreign investors protection from a European country’s inability to meet its obligations, in particular to service its debt.
More dramatically, people in Austria, France, Japan, and Germany appear to be no happier than people in much poorer countries, like Brazil, Colombia, and the Philippines.
Instead of having more time for leisure, they spent more time at and commuting to work.
For nomadic societies, there was no point in owning anything that one could not carry, but once humans settled down and developed a system of money, that limit to acquisition disappeared.
Coincidentally, Kahneman’s article appeared the same week that Buffett announced the largest philanthropic donation in US history – $30 billion to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and another $7 billion to other charitable foundations.
So the question now is not whether to increase aid, but how best to finance it.
However, opaque solutions designed to avoid critical public scrutiny do not seem particularly democratic.
Above all, SDR’s represent liquidity and can be allocated only if and when there is a “global need,” which would currently be difficult to prove given highly liquid and “easy” international capital-market conditions.
Moreover, the IMF’s share in crisis countries’ total external debt has reached unprecedented and systemically problematic levels.
Since the financial crisis began in 2008, several developed countries, having sustained demand with excessive leverage and consumption, have had to repair both private and public balance sheets, which takes time – and has left them impaired in terms of growth and employment.
The hard truth is that the flip side of the consumption-led growth model that prevailed prior to the crisis has been deficient investment, particularly on the public-sector side.
Particularly in the US, employment generation has been disproportionately in the non-tradable sector.
As a result, deleveraging remains a clear priority in a range of countries, reducing growth, with fiscal countermeasures limited by high or rising government debt and deficits.
Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu’s “zero conflicts with neighbors” approach gave this re-orientation its strategic and theoretical foundation.
While initially viewed as pacific and moderate, it was underpinned by an overarching view of Turkey as the hegemonic regional power – as an arbiter of conflicts, but ultimately also as an enforcer of its own views on lesser players.
A new sultanate? Erdoğan as the new Saladin?
Even within this framework, the negotiations were challenging. So how did 44 disparate powers, each seeking to protect its own national interests, manage to agree on a new global monetary system?
The bilateral nature of the negotiations certainly implies that they have a chance. But there was another critical factor underpinning the success of the Bretton Woods conference: the global political and security environment.
Are they? And should they even want to be?
Unlike China, a large trade power with underdeveloped monetary and financial capabilities, the eurozone meets the requirement of systemic significance in all three areas.
These deficits raise persistent concerns about the system’s viability, with observers (mostly outside the US) having long predicted its imminent demise.
Despite the 2008 financial crisis, the US remains the undisputed leader in global finance.
PRINCETON – Though a solution to the euro crisis continues to elude European leaders, the foundations of one are not difficult to discern.
This time, the Germans won, with a spectacular display of power in a 7-1 semifinal erasure of the host country, Brazil, and a 1-0 triumph over Argentina in the final.
Something needed to be shaken up.
There are other lessons that Germans and Europeans can derive from these experiences.
Consistent, reliable, long-term success requires forward-thinking measures that focus on building strong fundamentals.
The most significant meetings took place on September 16 and October 28 – in the aftermath of the collapse of the US investment bank Lehman Brothers – and focused on the creation of bilateral currency-swap agreements aimed at ensuring adequate liquidity.
By contrast, the International Monetary Fund has finite resources provided by member countries.
Even the Swiss representative condemned the measure.
PRINCETON – History matters, but in different ways.
But 1914 is not the only possible or attractive point of comparison in interpreting Britain’s past.
The film’s director, Vladimir Khotinenko, said that it was important that his audience “didn’t regard it as something that happened in ancient history but as a recent event… that they felt the link between what happened 400 years ago and today.”
That is why it is France that must make the gesture of pardon....It is only I who can reconcile France and Germany, because only I can raise Germany from its decadence.”
Today, Europe’s fringes, by contrast, appear determined to escape into it.
Even the newly formed Alternative for Germany – which did unexpectedly well in the recent election, finishing just short of the 5% threshold needed to enter the Bundestag – insists that its anti-euro agenda is not anti-Europe.
Maybe the royal family will go back to styling itself the House of Hanover?
Roughly every hundred years since the Lutheran Reformation, the number of independent German political units has fallen by a factor of ten.
According to official data, more than 160,000 farmers have committed suicide in India since 1997.
The creation of seed monopolies is based on the deregulation of seed corporations, including giving them oversight over bio-safety.
This was a period when Monsanto and its Indian partner, Mahyco, were also carrying out illegal field experiments with genetically engineered Bt cotton.
For farmers, it translates into suicide.
Roughly 18,000 children died daily as a direct or indirect consequence of malnutrition.
The problem is that, having neglected food security and the productive sectors of their economies for several decades, many developing countries’ governments now lack the fiscal capacity to increase public spending in order to increase food production and agricultural productivity.
However, cutting farm subsidies will increase food prices, at least initially, while reducing agricultural tariffs alone will not necessarily lead to an increase in food production in poor countries without complementary support.
Of course, economic forecasters have generally been far too optimistic at every turn of late, so the public is understandably leery of their prognostications.
One hopes that President-elect Obama’s all-star economic team will at least adopt a coherent and consistent policy.
Recessions have important cleansing effects, helping to facilitate painful restructuring.
But these regions are nevertheless mired in recession.
Fidel’s appearance at the Party’s congress – an event full of political significance, because he has only rarely participated in public events since becoming sick in 2006 – seemed to confirm his support for this outcome.
Indeed, there are talks centered on debt, with some creditors interested in the mechanics of capitalization.
Migration, an option financed by remittances from relatives in the United States, was not made any more flexible, either.
Has Economic Power Replaced Military Might?
Many crucial issues, such as financial stability or climate change, simply are not amenable to military force.
The European Union’s soft power at the end of the Cold War, and that of China today, owes much to the success of the EU and Chinese economic models.
Markets and economic power rest upon political frameworks, which in turn depend not only upon norms, institutions, and relationships, but also upon the management of coercive power.
But, while it does sometimes appear that the current crisis is due, at least in part, to financial innovation, financial-market liberalization has been shown to be a good thing overall.
The US is one of the world’s most financially liberal countries.
Mayhew concluded that it is rather difficult to tell whether derivative markets worsen financial-market volatility, because their creation tends to come when existing financial markets already are more volatile, or can be predicted to become so.
So, we should not slow down financial innovation in general.
Indeed, more than a dozen emerging-market economies now face severe financial pressures: Belarus, Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Turkey, and Ukraine in Europe; Indonesia, Korea, and Pakistan in Asia; and Argentina, Ecuador, and Venezuela in Latin America.
Traditionally, central banks have been the lenders of last resort, but now they are becoming the lenders of first and only resort.
NEW YORK – The recent annual meetings of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank in Lima, Peru, were dominated by talk of the weakness of several emerging and developing economies.
The Belgian economist Robert Triffin first identified this problem – dubbed the “Triffin dilemma” – in the 1960s, emphasizing the fundamental conflict between national objectives, such as limiting the size of the external deficit, and international imperatives, such as creating enough liquidity to satisfy demand for reserve assets.
The first step toward making SDRs a more active force in global finance would be to remove the division between SDR accounts and normal IMF operations.
Some five decades after Triffin first identified the problems with the US dollar’s reserve-currency status, the SDR’s moment has, one hopes, finally arrived.
Such efficiency gains from increasing the extent of the market and promoting specialization should have produced rapid growth in Mexican productivity.
To be sure, economic deficiencies still abound in Mexico.
OXFORD – Throughout the history of the oil industry, fear and concern about the imminent exhaustion of oil reserves has been a recurring theme.
But the track record of “peak oil” theorists on such matters has not been impressive: their predictions have steadily moved forward the date that global oil production will peak.
Reserves are defined as the quantities of petroleum that are expected to be commercially recoverable from known fields.
Some who believe in the imminence of peak oil consider these barriers essentially irrelevant, arguing that their removal would merely delay the peak for a few years.
But, after last month’s presidential election returned Putin to the office, the protest wave rapidly subsided.
But there was no real victory for the country’s power elite; nor was society defeated.
And Moscow is not the only example.
What we can say for sure is that only a democratic Russia will be able to survive within the country’s current borders.
How carefully can one plan for the long term in, say, the eurozone, if the currency itself is at risk? And how long should brick-and-mortar retailers’ time horizons be if distribution is moving online?
For stock markets, the difference may be important.
The average holding duration for each shareholder is three years.
They find that holding durations for two of America’s primary shareholders, Fidelity and Vanguard, have not budged since 1985.
In that sense, it is reasonable to say that the worst of the downturn is now probably behind us.
Moreover, disposable personal income rose in the first quarter only because of a massive jump in tax rebates and government pension payments. In contrast, salaries, self-employment income, dividends, and interest all fell.
So, by the end of the year, we will see a slightly improved level of GDP, but the rate of GDP growth is likely to return to negative territory.
Moreover, China is already the world’s largest oil importer, and energy demand continues to increase rapidly.
At the same time, given slower growth in world markets and the challenges of domestic structural adjustment, the annual growth target has been reduced, to around 7.5%.
With this mix of policies, Chinese carbon emissions could peak by 2030, even as the economy grows at a rate of 4-5%.
The global nature of environmental challenges creates an important opportunity for international cooperation based on shared interest.
There is nothing new about that insight, but now it is easier to keep track of personal behavior.
In my own case, I behave pretty well already: I swim for 50 minutes a day, I floss regularly, I eat sensibly, and so forth.
An existing service in which I plan to invest, www.GetUpandMove.me, allows you to challenge a friend: “I will swim for 50 minutes if Alice runs around the block four times.”
More convincing will be data shared by individuals and collected (with permission) by third parties.
A referendum on autonomy which was approved in May in Bolivia’s eastern province of Santa Cruz has generated fear about the region’s eventual secession.
The inauguration of Morales, an indigenous leader, was a political earthquake, but it was also a sign of deepening democracy.
But, while the relative power of Bolivia’s diverse regions is increasing, none can survive alone or veto the actions of highly mobilized zones of the country.
More democracy and material welfare probably can co-exist with realistic local autonomy, whereas partition, it should be remembered, does not always breed political pluralism, social cohesion, and economic well-being.
Many chemical mediators are involved, including cortisol and adrenalin from the adrenal glands, other hormones and neurotransmitters (such as serotonin and noradrenalin), and responses from the autonomic and immune systems.
For example, levels of the stress hormone cortisol increase in the evening, when they are normally low.
If so, new, the new antidepressants would have to target what appear to be progressive neurodegenerative changes in the brain, which we infer are taking place because recurrence of depression is so high under currently available treatments.
Several decades ago, the American political scientist Samuel P. Huntington argued that economic prosperity in developing countries with weak governing institutions would not necessarily lead to political stability.
Indeed, extraction of a country’s wealth for use by the elite can occur even in democratic societies when those who dominate the political system face no constraints other than periodic elections.
The Swiss proceedings were stopped at the request of the Pakistani government when Zardari became president.



The new wave of innovation is attributable to three key factors: the ability to personalize therapy, the capacity to get treatments to market faster, and improved engagement with patients.
With this approach, research can begin in as little as three weeks, compared to the 34 weeks, on average, for a standard trial.
But they are just the beginning.
Airlines and hotels have known this for a long time.
How do you translate healthy behavior into status? First, of course, you can have cards identifying your compliance behavior – e.g., not how many drugs you take, but how regularly you take them.
Its initial service, at http://imoveyou.com, allows you to challenge someone else by filling in a form, which is then published on the person’s Facebook wall or on Twitter.
While the service is currently designed for individuals, companies could also use HealthRally to enhance their corporate wellness programs.
Finally, the car carries no warranty.
He parks this $10 million in Treasury bills, too, and sells another 10 million options. This nets him another $1 million, which he uses to cover expenses.
So when the event eventually does occur, investors who leave their money in the fund lose everything, whereas Oz nets more than $3 million in each year before the fund crashes.
Requiring managers to apprise investors of downside exposure would help even more.
Perhaps the most notable consequence of Spain’s recent reform efforts is its current-account surplus – the country’s first in more than two decades. At the peak of the crisis, Spain’s current-account deficit amounted to an unprecedented 10% of GDP.
The most potent threat to Spain’s economic recovery stems from the labor market.
OXFORD – It is now a near certainty that, by the end of this year, falling energy and commodity prices will push annual inflation in the eurozone below zero – well under the European Central Bank’s target of near 2%.
Another factor impeding QE’s impact in the eurozone is low bond yields, which, by increasing measured pension-fund deficits, make some companies reluctant to invest and thus more likely to raise contribution rates and limit pension benefits.
Another alternative would be to use the electoral register, a public database that the ECB could use independently of governments.
HELSINKI – One early result of today’s global recession is that many donor governments are trimming their foreign aid programs.
Few decision-makers seem aware of this.
Cape Verde received 34% of its GDP from remittances, Eritrea 38% and Burundi 23%.
In West Africa, a simple money transfer operator now handles 70% of official payments and also imposes exclusivity on banks.
Its signatories recognized a direct link between political and military issues and human rights concerns – and that this link is a fundamental component of peace and security.
The high-level Panel of Eminent Persons on European Security as a Common Project, established at the Basel Ministerial Council by last year’s Swiss OSCE chairmanship, provided invaluable insights when they presented their Interim Report on European security at the Munich Security Conference Core Group Meeting in Vienna this week.
Simply put, without a shared approach to security and a dedicated joint response, overcoming our current challenges will be virtually impossible.
The platform is already in place. Let us get to work – together.
Moreover, though composting receives good press as a “green” practice, it generates a significant amount of greenhouse gases (and is often a source of pathogenic bacteria in crops).
Another limitation of organic production is that it works against the best approach to enhancing soil quality – namely, the minimization of soil disturbance (such as that caused by plowing or tilling), combined with the use of cover crops.
But that reflects science-based research and old-fashioned technological ingenuity on the part of farmers, plant breeders, and agribusiness companies, not irrational opposition to modern insecticides, herbicides, genetic engineering, and “industrial agriculture.”
लेकिन, लंबी अवधि में, सबसे बड़ा वरदान, खाद्य सुरक्षा और पर्यावरण दोनों के लिए, संभवतः नई फसल किस्मों की सूखे क�� अवधियों और अन्य जल-संबंधी तनावों को सहन करने की क्षमता होगा। सिंचाई के लिए उपयोग किए जानेवाले पानी की मात्रा में थोड़ी-सी कमी से भी, विशेष रूप से सूखे की स्थितियों में, भारी लाभ हो सकते हैं।
इसके लाभों को देखते हुए, यह उम्मीद की जा सकती है कि ऐसी घटनाओं की सर्वत्र सराहना की जाएगी और उन्हें प्रोत्साहित किया जाएगा। लेकिन इन्हें भारी विनियामक बाधाओं का सामना करना पड़ता है। उदाहरण के लिए, यूरोप काफी हद तक जेनेटिक इंजीनियरिंग (जीई) की फसलों पर प्रतिबंध लगाता है; भारत ने कीट-प्रतिरोधी कपास को तो मंजूरी दी है, लेकिन उसने किसी प्रकार की खाद्य फसलों के लिए मंजूरी नहीं दी है। जहाँ जीई फसलों की खेती की भी जा रही है, वहाँ अवैज्ञानिक और जरूरत से ज्यादा भारी विनियमन के फलस्वरूप फसलों की नई किस्मों के उत्पादन की लागत में भारी वृद्धि हुई है, जिससे कई संभावित महत्वपूर्ण फसलें बाजार से बाहर हैं।
Many people purchase organic foods in order to avoid exposure to harmful levels of pesticides.
For example, the EU’s policy notes that “foreseen flexibility rules” can compensate for “local climatic, cultural, or structural differences.”
Finally, many who are seduced by the romance of organic farming ignore its human consequences.
In September, an eminent group of scientists called upon the scientific community to “stand together in staunch opposition to the violent destruction of required tests on valuable advances, such as golden rice, that have the potential to save millions” of people from “needless suffering and death.”
The assumption that “genetically engineered” or “genetically modified” is a meaningful – and dangerous – classification has led not only to vandalism of field trials, but also to destruction of laboratories and assaults on researchers.
In many places, the location of field trials now must be identified, even including GPS coordinates – a practice that facilitates vandalism.
Unfortunately, it is the wrong question.
When Russia annexed Crimea last March, Kadri Liik of the European Council on Foreign Relations pointed out the marked difference in the way it handled its invasion of Georgia in 2008.
Many of these global threats are closely intertwined with war, but war that is far more likely to be fought within borders than across them.
Yet today, faced with a virus that kills half of those it infects and the prospect that it could decimate an entire region of Africa, disrupt air travel, and put people around the world in quarantine, the world has delivered only a fraction of the needed financial and material assistance.
But we are in extraordinary times, and the government has taken and is prepared to take unprecedented measures.
During the Great Depression, many debt contracts were indexed to gold.
As during the Great Depression and in many debt restructurings, it makes sense in the current contingency to mandate partial debt forgiveness or a debt-for-equity swap in the financial sector.
Perubahan Zat-zat Aman menjadi Berbahaya
Di awal tahun ini, Environmental Protection Agency di Amerika Serikat (EPA) menyimpulkan bahwa “berdasarkan pertimbangan bobot bukti atas data yang tersedia, herbisida 2,4D dikelompokkan sebagai ‘Kemungkinan Kecil bersifat Karsinogenik pada Manusia’”.
Dalam kajian yang dimulai di tahun 1970, JMPR selalu menyimpulkan apabila 2,4D digunakan dengan tepat, maka tidak akan menimbulkan ancaman kesehatan terhadap orang ataupun benda di tanah atau perairan.
Heroes Cross Swords in Sri Lanka
In his bitter resignation letter, the general accused Rajapaksa of “ unnecessarily placing Indian troops on high alert” and failing to “win the peace in spite of the fact that the army under my leadership won the war.”
In victory, that strength is being raised further, in the name of “eternal vigilance.”
But, with the fractured opposition rallying behind Fonseka and a moderate Tamil party also coming out in support of him, this election may produce a surprise result.
Alternatively, Israel might launch a pre-emptive war against Hezbollah in order to rob Iran of a nearby retaliatory capacity.
Although both Hezbollah and Iran still argue, perhaps correctly, that Israel will not give back the Golan Heights or allow the emergence of a Palestinian state, the possibility of peace cannot be ruled out.
While Hezbollah has tried to convince other Lebanese that its presence helps maintain the country’s security and stability, regional and international developments suggest that it faces mounting challenges.
Tantangan-tantangan ini, meskipun sulit untuk diatasi, setidaknya dapat dilihat.
Selama booming infrastruktur domestiknya, Tiongkok mendanai proyek-proyek besar – umumnya berhubungan dengan pertambangan, energi, dan infrastruktur – di negara berkembang lainnya.
Perjanjian currency-swap, yang penting bagi Brasil dan Argentina, juga perlu diperhitungkan.
Those opposed to such rampant use of drugs note that diagnostic rates for bipolar disorder, in particular, have skyrocketed by 4,000% and that overmedication is impossible without over-diagnosis.
DSM-III grew out of meetings that many participants described as chaotic.
Yet the complete story turned out to be rather more complicated.
Failure to reform psychiatry will be disastrous for public health.
Domestic supply disruptions are now fueling inflation and compounding the problems of a subsidy-laden national budget.
Their responses, however, have fallen short, following a familiar sequence that begins with waiting for an endogenous bounce and aspiring to self-reliance.
And many of those who bravely fought for freedom had little political experience, placing an even greater premium on great leadership to channel Egyptians’ enormous energy – and their demands for greater social justice – into a shared vision and common purpose.
That is the bad news.
Without determined efforts at political progress and unity, however, it will remain stuck in neutral – and could slip into reverse.
But the fact that several Asian and emerging-market countries are resisting this decline by buying dollars is putting inordinate pressures on the more flexible currencies, such as the euro and the Canadian dollar, which are trading at record levels.
The Federal Reserve would be forced to lower interest rates further, making the dollar even less attractive, and the concomitant shift in global demand away from the US, marked by a sharp decline in the US trade balance, would put still more pressure on the dollar. According to my own calculations in a series of research papers with Maurice Obstfeld, the trade-weighted dollar would likely fall by 20% if a global demand shift (say, due to a US housing recession) were to cut the US trade deficit in half.
For the past couple of years, finance ministers and central bank heads have had the luxury of using the IMF meetings to congratulate themselves on rapid global growth, regardless of how much they actually contributed to it.
Iran’s nuclear program is the decisive factor in this equation, for it threatens irreversibly the region’s strategic balance.
Bush had promised to bring the Middle East conflict closer to a resolution before the end of his term this year.
·    With the approaching end of the Bush presidency and uncertainty about his successor’s policy, the window of opportunity for Israeli action is seen as potentially closing.
Should this newest attempt fail, things will soon get serious. Deadly serious.
With budget deficits that are projected to be 5% of GDP by the end of the coming decade, and a debt/GDP ratio that has roughly doubled in the past five years and is continuing to grow, the real interest rate on Treasuries should be significantly higher than it was in the past.
In other words, buyers are getting an additional 2% current yield in exchange for assuming the risk of holding long-term bonds.
The Fed has pursued its strategy of low long-term interest rates in the hope of stimulating economic activity.
What she brings to this task is openness and an eagerness to construct a new architecture for Sino-US relations.
This caution is understandable. But what seemed to be missing in China was a full recognition of just how uncertain things have become in the US, and how, with a new president, almost everything is in an unprecedented state of flux.
China should take up Clinton’s call for collaboration on climate change, which could possibly become a paradigm-shifting issue in Sino-US relations, much as the united front against the Soviet Union did in 1972, when Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger went to China to begin normalizing relations.
Sometimes her expression is briefly clouded by a streak of stifled pain, obstinate and not wholly contained.
It is ten in the evening, and I am waiting at the elevators in the lobby of the Hotel Westin with Mahmoud Jibril, one of the leaders of the Libyan insurrection.
She displays emotion and composure, I note.
And she has no doubt that the West, in responding to the Arab League’s entreaty to intervene, avoided a replay of Srebrenica in North Africa.
TOKYO – F. Scott Fitzgerald famously said that “there are no second acts in American lives.”
In the midst of two wars and Asia’s rise, Clinton confronted the three great tasks that any US secretary of state must face: pinpointing the challenges at hand; developing a viable strategy that attracts the support of the entire US government and public opinion; and managing the actual practice of US diplomacy.
Of course, Clinton’s efforts to revitalize America’s alliances made restoring confidence in US leadership an overriding priority, which she achieved without seeking to militarize every international problem.
Hillary in Asia, Round Two
As for Myanmar, its neighbors and fellow ASEAN members – Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, and Thailand – are also concerned about Suu Kyi’s continued prosecution.
So diplomatic efforts must instead aim to join Americans and like-minded Asians in common cause, to push for steps forward in the medium to longer term.
There is still no confirmation concerning when Obama will visit Asia, though many expect that he will attend the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation Summit, to be held in Singapore in November.
Hillary\u0027s Back
(The real news in his victory was that he got a chunk of white men, who rarely support a Democrat.)
But one of her undeniable accomplishments, perhaps more important than anything else she did during that time, was the set of global journeys that she undertook on behalf of women’s issues.
Rather, cooperating with other international leaders, America tries to solve the world’s true problems: environmental degradation, resource shortages, inadequate literacy, and the appalling poverty in which the “bottom billion” live.
Clinton’s tour produced the clearest signals yet that America is unwilling to accept China’s push for regional hegemony.
And this was followed by the visit of a US aircraft carrier to Vietnam, the first since the Vietnam War ended 35 years ago.
In Asia, the hope today is that Clinton’s visit will enable China’s rulers to understand that it is primarily in Asia that their country’s overall international role is being tested and shaped.
The attendees would be wise to consider an important fact: Although the NPT requires its members to “pursue negotiations in good faith” on nuclear disarmament, a wide legal gap still remains when it comes to eliminating nuclear weapons.
And it is scandalous that vast sums are being devoted to maintaining and modernizing these weapons at a time when budget constraints undermine efforts to address pressing human needs around the world.
Until now, nuclear-weapon states’ national governments and bureaucracies have preferred to limit the disarmament debate to symbolic measures that imply no deadlines or additional legally binding obligations.
Egyptians go to the polls on September 7th to elect a president from among ten contenders, including the incumbent of 24 years, Hosni Mubarak.
So the Mubarak regime has had to use various ploys to neutralize the judge’s union.
On the other hand, the Muslim Brotherhood, thought to be the single strongest opposition group in Egypt, are urging their followers to caste ballots and vote their conscience but not to give support to any ‘despotic, corrupt rulers.’
One draws an analogy with Pearl Harbor, Japan’s attack on the US in 1941.
Vietnam proved to be the end not the beginning of the line.
They do not necessarily share the same aims as Al Qaeda.    
Leave Afghanistan to the Taliban, hoping against hope that they will become better-behaved global citizens, and what is the effect likely to be on Pakistan? Here come the dominoes – wrong in Vietnam but not necessarily in the South Asian sub-continent.
So the West should see the job through in Afghanistan – do it better but do it.  Sometimes the dominoes do topple over, one by one.
The banks’ institutional personalities reflect the role of collective memory in shaping how officials conceptualize the problems that they face.
They invoke specific analogies not so much because they resemble current conditions, but because they are seared into the public’s consciousness.
Anyone who does so will find it hard to defend the ECB and its stubborn inaction in the face of events.
That was the defining episode for American monetary policy. And I am, after all, an American.
Let us start with the analogy between Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Hitler.
The second analogy, to the old balance-of-power system in Europe, is especially popular among Israeli and American diplomats.
The third analogy is reflected in Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert’s recent references to Israel’s nuclear deterrent, which may have been a mistake, but probably indicate the evolution of Israeli strategic thinking.
The last two Secular Forums projected that, after the global financial crisis, the world economy would not reset in its traditional, cyclical manner.
Yet, along with “good” asset-price inflation, aimed at making people feel richer and spend more, these approaches have delivered “bad” inflation, owing to surging commodity prices, which impose a tax on both inputs and consumers.
As a result, many long-standing promises will come under pressure over the next 3-5 years.
·          Sovereign creditworthiness will continue to diverge, with a further deterioration in advanced countries and continued improvement in emerging markets.
Multi-year re-alignments are messy and complex, especially when they occur simultaneously at the national and global levels, and when multi-speed growth, inflation, and credit dynamics are at work, as is the case today.
The first thing that many people ask about charities is, “How much of my donation is spent on administration?” In the United States, that figure is readily available from Charity Navigator, a Web site that has five million users.
So Karnofsky and Hassenfeld got together with six friends who also worked in finance and divided up the field to find out which charities could be shown to be effective. They contacted organizations and received lots of attractive marketing material, but nothing that answered basic questions: what do the charities do with their money, and what evidence do they have that their activities help?
Population Services International, which promotes and sells items like condoms, to prevent HIV infection, and bed nets, to prevent malaria, came out on top, followed by Partners in Health, an organization that provides health care to poor rural populations.
In the US, individual donors give about $200 billion to charities each year.
There are many who acknowledge this and want to change.
In today's Netherlands, assertiveness is seen as a good thing, modesty as a form of self-chastisement.
Indeed, what is most ominous is that extremists realize this more clearly than the moderate, silent majority, who find the noise irritating but do not know how to start a serious dialogue.
At the same time, native Europeans must learn to accept that Islam may offer new vantage points on such moral issues as euthanasia, abortion, individuality, and solidarity.
Children must learn that they do not live in a monoculture, but in a pluralist society bound together by universal values and common laws.
Indeed, the country could be facing catastrophe, as Hollande’s actions risk miring the economy into sustained stagnation and driving an increasingly angry French public to elect the far-right National Front party’s Marine Le Pen as his successor.
In the meantime, however, there will be an increase in diesel excise duties, and a 20% surcharge on property taxes will be imposed on unoccupied second homes in densely populated areas.
The deflationary impact of internal devaluation is compounded by the rule, reinforced in the 2012 “fiscal compact,” that eurozone countries are wholly responsible for their own debts and thus must adopt strict budgetary discipline.
As a result, France can expect popular protest, as well as a further increase in support for more extreme parties – above all, Le Pen’s National Front.
But corporate villains, typically multinational companies, have never been so ubiquitous as today.
Many policymakers seem to be under the impression that surging profits are a purely cyclical phenomenon, as economies continue to grow out from the depths of the 2001 recession.
Growing inequality would not be such a problem if governments could simply raise taxes on the rich and strengthen subsidies to the poor.
Otherwise, globalization’s storyline may not proceed according to the script.
The point of Holocaust denial is to remove the taboo now associated with the original crime.
Had she been politically active during the Nazi times, Merkel would have landed in a concentration camp.
What he doesn’t understand is that the memory of Auschwitz is also the memory of the Battle of Britain, the bombing of Dresden, the occupation of Paris, and the Warsaw uprising.
NEW YORK – In his remarkable apology to the Catholics of Ireland (most of that country’s population), Pope Benedict XVI explained why he thought sinful priests were tempted to commit sexual acts with children.
Such practices were accepted as facts of life, as they still are in many poor and southern countries, which might explain why the exposure of priestly abuse has taken place mostly in the north, where social change has been more rapid.
The real changes, in such countries as Ireland, Germany, or the US, concerned the status of women and children.
Catholics have tended to be more tolerant of hypocrisy than Protestants.
There is a solution to this problem.
They never seemed so much on people’s minds.
Europeans are buying gemütliche Alpine ski chalets, glamorous condominiums with Mediterranean views in the South of Spain, and, increasingly, villas in picturesque sites in Turkey, Hungary, and Croatia.
There is reason to worry about this.
Most vacationers seem to derive a sense of excitement from the presence of many other vacationers around them.
Uprooted from their homes and livelihoods, and traumatized by the violence or sudden disaster that forced them to flee, the displaced are often thrust into an extremely precarious future with few resources.
The number of those displaced by natural disasters is rising, as the adverse effects of climate change continue to mount.
We must prevent displacement from occurring, and end it as quickly as possible.
Ten years after the Guiding Principles were signed, the time for excuses and inaction has run out.
But the report plainly understated the degree of public support for change.
This could be accompanied by a pledge to create a legislature composed entirely of directly elected members in 2020.
Both sides will need to give a little to prevent the confrontation in the streets from escalating, with the police forced to provide a substitute for a sensible policy.
हांगकांग के फूहड़ प्राधिकारियों के लिए आगे के किसी रास्ते को सुझाने से पहले, तीन बातें स्पष्ट करना बहुत ज़रूरी है। सबसे पहले, हांगकांग के नागरिकों की निष्ठा और उनके सिद्धांतों पर यह एक मिथ्या आरोप लगाया जा रहा है कि बाहरी बलों द्वारा उनके साथ चालाकी की जा रही है जैसा कि चीनी सरकार का प्रचार तंत्र कर रहा है। हांगकांग के हजारों लाखों प्रदर्शनकारियों को जो चीज़ प्रेरित करती है वह उनका यह प्रबल विश्वास है कि स्वतंत्र और निष्पक्ष चुनाव में वे उन लोगों को चुन सकेंगे जो उन पर शासन करेंगे, उन्हें अपने मामलों को चलाने दिया जाना चाहिए, जैसा कि उनसे वादा किया गया था।


In April 2004, China's legislators ruled out universal suffrage in Hong Kong's 2007 election of its chief executive, as well as for its 2008 Legislative Council election.
Indeed, at the close of nomination on August 4, eleven functional candidates were chosen without opposition, including those representing banks and the Chinese chamber of commerce.
It only backed down when the pro-government Liberal Party, which held a number of functional seats, broke ranks as a result of intense public pressure.
Hong Kong's people may well conclude that they have no alternative but to use every occasion to protest chief executive Tung Chee-hwa's unpopular government, making it even harder for him to govern.
Indeed, the deal that Hong Kong’s colonial subjects appeared to accept – leaving politics alone in exchange for the opportunity to pursue material prosperity in a safe and orderly environment – is not so different from the deal accepted by China’s educated classes today.
They recognized then that under future Chinese rule, only genuine democracy might safeguard the institutions that protected Hong Kong’s freedoms.
China traditionally had institutions – clan associations, religious communities, business groups, and so on – that were relatively autonomous.
So far, there is no evidence that the protesters in Hong Kong’s Central district have any ambition to undermine, let alone topple, the government in Beijing.
HONG KONG – The massive public demonstrations by students and young members of the middle-class that have roiled Hong Kong in recent weeks are ostensibly demands for democracy.
The Western-educated heir to a shipping fortune, and unusually well connected with the global elite, Tung was thought to be a conservative, thoughtful, cosmopolitan man imbued with liberal values and free of ties to the powerful families that dominated the real-estate industry in the territory.
Tung’s successor, Donald Tsang, was chosen reluctantly.
Worse, Leung pushed forward an unpopular plan to introduce “patriotic education” to Hong Kong, stoking fear among students of a China-dictated brainwashing.
BERKELEY – However bad you think the global economy is today in terms of the business cycle, that is only one lens through which to view the world.
Overwhelmingly, those who became and remained unemployed suffered the most.
But, after six months or so passed without successful reemployment, they tended to become discouraged and distraught.
Horse Trading and Climate Change
At least the panda smiled.
“Copenhagen 1” was always bound to fail, partly because – and this may sound strange at first – it is all about climate change.
For, as the UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has explicitly warned, if emissions do not fall before 2015, and only fall from then onwards (and the overall trend is that they have been rising), we will reach the point of no return.
The inherently erratic behavior of the major renewable energy technologies presents serious problems for power system planners.
Six thousand kilometers below the surface, the planet’s core is as hot as the surface of the sun.
But it is the economics of HDR geothermal that will eventually determine its long-term role, because deep boreholes are expensive to drill, and their costs must be met before power stations can begin to generate electricity. The shallower the heat resources and the cheaper the capital, the more competitive an HDR project will be.
Over the past six months, attention and worry have shifted from America’s enormous trade deficit to its surging property markets and real-estate bubble.
But we aren’t willing to do that.
As the prices of these assets fall, their yields will rise.
If there is a sharp spike in interest rates – caused either by capital flight in anticipation of a dollar decline or by tight monetary policy in reaction to a dollar decline comes to pass – we will see how good the Federal Reserve really is.
They also track their workouts, monitor their babies, and amass huge collections of digital friends (for better or worse).
Like computers and the Internet, 3D printing will affect business and behavior around the world and across industries.
One early example is KeyMe.net, which makes house keys on demand.
Consider Apple power cords (the item that I lose most often), which are a huge source of profit for all involved.
In the long run, 3D printing will allow more efficient use of physical resources and faster diffusion of the best designs, boosting living standards around the world.
The basic idea was to solicit thousands of predictions from hundreds of experts about the fates of dozens of countries, and then score the predictions for accuracy.
We can see this process in sharp relief when, following the philosopher Sir Isaiah Berlin, we classify experts as “hedgehogs” or “foxes.”
Because they avoid over-simplification, foxes make fewer mistakes.
Granted, it is not easy to create methods of keeping score that are credible across the spectrum of reasonable opinion.
Europeans might rethink some of their current dilemmas in the light of Hirschman’s theory.
As a result, the EU is constantly expanding, while the US likes to urge the world to democratize.
In the mid-1980’s, then-Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher successfully pushed the idea of an integrated internal market.
It is easier for the US to deal with Europe as a whole, especially when some European answers to common social dilemmas look as if they might provide solutions for America as well.
DENVER – Critics of America’s Middle East policies are reminiscent of Woody Allen’s quip in Annie Hall: “The food at this place is really terrible...and such small portions.”
Unilateralism, it seems, is fast becoming the isolationists’ internationalism.
The Kremlin’s consequential and sustained support of Assad is serious policy, and suggests that if the US is to make progress short of confrontation with Russia, it should work with Russian leaders to narrow the differences so that, at the end of the process, a peace conference is held.
Obama’s explanation of a Syrian policy might look something like this: “Syria is a difficult problem that, left unchecked, could threaten US interests in the region.
In the end, a solution in Syria will depend on Syrians’ agreement on future political arrangements.
Are they right?
And yet legal change was not central in Brazil’s success.
Commercial arbitration – and courts’ obligations to enforce the arbitrators’ decisions – can assure investors, even if the courts generally do not.
How, then, did his victory help to fuel the financial growth of the subsequent decade?
Institutional improvements help, but they can come later.
In only two decades, China has become Southeast Asian countries’ leading economic partner, boosting its influence throughout the region.
Though China remains well behind Japan, Europe, and the US on this front, it certainly has the potential to catch up, as Chinese private-equity firms increasingly look abroad.
The US, meanwhile, is struggling to cobble together a domestic consensus on trade.
And, on a broader, institutional scale, the money spent and the money to be gained do not belong to the same pocket.
(There are also all the separate costs of bad health, which are much harder to count or capture.)
But I think it is doable – especially if they work together to figure out the numbers, study the effects of small-scale healthy-living/preventive health-care efforts, and encourage one another to move forward.
They will choose themselves.
Five years from now, we will wonder what took us so long to get started.
Specifically, what happens to entrepreneurs once they get their money? Everywhere I go – and I have been in Moscow, Libreville (Gabon), and Dublin in the last few weeks – smart people ask how to get companies through the next phase of growth.
But this week in Dublin, I found what we need: not policies or theories, but actual living examples.
These guys are not the “startups”; they are the mentors, carefully solicited by Kelly from within the tightly knit Irish business community.
Not all of them have the makings of an entrepreneur. But most of them have skills worth sharing, whether it’s how to run a sales meeting, oversee a development project, or manage a database of customers.
For example, some oil-producing countries ask their customers to pay in euros, but that does not mean that their oil is priced in euros.
As the dollar declines, commodities – including oil – attract investors.
If nominal oil prices remain constant while the dollar declines, the real income of the oil-producing countries declines, resulting in less investment in additional capacity and maintenance.
But, since many Americans use gas-guzzling SUV’s for their vacations, demand for gasoline has remained high.
The most interesting analogies are Germany’s rise in the 19th century and Japan’s in the 20th.
In both the German and the Japanese cases, the already-existing industrial powers complained that there was some sort of nefarious and unfair mechanism behind the newcomer’s advantages.
Like Germany in the mid-19th century, or Japan in the 1960’s, China sees many advantages in participating in the international order more or less as it is currently configured.
If China is to avoid the fate of early 20th century Germany, it must bolster successful economic modernization with constitutional and political reform.
Development economists, for their part, argued that much more attention would be paid to randomized trials and field experiments.
As this view is sometimes put, the next 20 years will see no breakthrough as revolutionary as the steam engine or the transistor.
Knowledge, as encapsulated in the textbook and interpreted by the professor, is delivered from above.
The outcome will be messy. But the economics profession will also become more diverse and dynamic – and our children’s economics will be healthier as a result.
Thus was born the field of rational-choice political economy, and a style of theorizing that many political scientists readily emulated.
The more we claimed to be explaining, the less room was left for improving matters.
There would then scarcely be any need for engineering schools.
Revenue hungry governments will impose a lower tax when they think that it can be evaded than when they think that it cannot.
Without a clear understanding of who gains and who loses from the status quo, it is difficult to make sense of our existing policies.
Flexibility allows NGOs to be innovative in ways that organizations like the UN often cannot.
The situation in Indonesia led the UN to adopt a new “cluster” system to improve coordination.
CARE, as both a relief and development agency, can take a long-term approach to disasters, matching emergency relief with a rehabilitation and recovery phase.
The HPG therefore recommended long-term monitoring of future humanitarian responses, and said that success or failure should be judged in a broad context rather than by a narrow focus on a specific project.
Of course, the Muslim Brotherhood was also a victim of its own mistakes, particularly the failure of Morsi and his government to reach out to the secular opposition, elements of which had contributed to his election.
Morsi and the Brotherhood also faced competition from Saudi-backed Salafists.
Immediately following the coup, the European Union adopted an ambivalent position toward it.
Hope remains that Egypt will not become Algeria in 1992 (or Chile in 1973).
German Chancellor Angela Merkel resisted all proposals to provide relief to Spain and Italy from the excessive risk premiums that both countries are now confronting.
In exchange for specified structural reforms in Italy and Spain, the Fund would acquire and hold a significant portion of their outstanding stock of debt.
Of course, the issuance of European Treasury bills would require the approval of the Bundestag, but it would be in conformity with the German Constitutional Court’s requirement that any commitment approved by the Bundestag be limited in time and size.
If the rest of Europe is united behind this proposal, and the Bundestag rejects it, Germany must take full responsibility for the financial and political consequences.
Indeed, these factors help to explain why France remains the world’s fifth-largest economy.
The “law on growth and activity” that will be voted on this year will unleash the business sector’s energy, including by stimulating competition.
French citizens will soon begin to feel the impact of these efforts in their daily lives.
But my government will not be deterred from forward-thinking action that will ensure that tomorrow’s France is the France our citizens want and deserve.
How Free is Speech?
He has compared the Koran to Hitler’s Mein Kampf , and wishes to stop immigration of Muslims to the Netherlands.
He should be criticized, even ridiculed, but not jailed.
Words used by young black men among themselves in American cities would have a very different resonance if young white men used them.
And that not only makes it harder to attack their views, but also gives free speech a bad name. 
Indeed, they are cleared to leave, and it is only Obama’s failure to keep his promise – and the US Congress’s failure to legislate their transfer – that is keeping them there.
I recently toured Alcatraz, the former US federal prison in San Francisco Bay.
They are not even notified of the deaths of parents and children.
Perhaps, someday, tourists will travel to Guantánamo and look in horror and amazement at what America built.
But India’s resilience in the face of adversity, and its mature restraint in the face of violent provocation, encouraged investors to return.
Among the drivers of growth, domestic capital formation retained much of its momentum from preceding years.
Some 40% of the population still lives below a poverty line drawn just this side of the funeral pyre.
CHICAGO – Before the recent financial crisis, politicians on both sides of the aisle in the United States egged on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the giant government-backed mortgage agencies, to support low-income lending in their constituencies.
Moreover, any change will require years to take effect, and therefore will not address the electorate’s current anxiety.
In the US, though, there have been strong political forces arrayed against direct redistribution in recent years.
In fact, one does not even need to look outside the US for examples.
As global financial uncertainty rises, it is time for Japan to change course.
In the US, this has complicated the Federal Reserve’s task.
Current ultra-low interest rates may be scaring people about the adequacy of future income.
Global investors are apparently willing to accept these extraordinarily low rates, even though they do not appear to compensate for expected inflation.
Finally, oil exporters such as Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates seek to set aside wealth during the boom years.
But how long can the storm last? Although highly unpredictable, it is easy to imagine how the process could be reversed.
Third, eventually the clouds over Europe will be resolved, though I admit that this does not seem likely to happen anytime soon.
If a shooting war ever breaks out in Asia, Japan is nowadays prepared to do a lot more than fill the petrol tanks.
Nor are the Self-Defense Forces' operations and obligations any longer restricted to Japanese territory and the adjacent seas.
Every Japanese citizen may have his or her own opinion, but a clear majority appear to agree that Japan must become a prominent nation in promoting international and regional security, as well as economic growth.
But America, in its global war on terror, has justifiably lost interest in bearing Asia's many military burdens alone.
Human beings would be more like the “lilies of the field, who toil not, neither do they spin.”
The reason we have done so well is that annual productivity growth has been higher than Keynes projected: about 1.6% for the UK, and a bit higher for the US.
He recognized that there are two kinds of needs, absolute and relative, and that the latter may be insatiable.
But, since most of the rich – “those who have an independent income but no associations or duties or ties” have “failed disastrously” to live the “good life,” why should those who are currently poor do any better?
The financial-reform law passed by the United States Congress last month requires improved transparency from banks and other financial-services firms.
It also published a list of Web sites that the Australian government proposed blocking, the extreme-right British National Party’s membership roll, an analysis of a major Icelandic bank’s default risk, and video footage of a US helicopter attack in Baghdad that killed 12 people, including a Reuters journalist and photographer.
But even some supporters of open government think Wikileaks goes too far.
Sometimes it is possible to do good only in secret.


Egypt is entering a new era. But the radical policy upheavals predicted by analysts will prove to be small tremors. Saudi interests will continue to weigh heavily on Egyptian foreign policy.
That is how regulatory progress is often made.
The label would be designed for those who are less motivated and/or able to read these prospectuses.
Including such statements in the disclosure is analogous to the requirement that food labels contain a full list of nutritional factors per serving, rather than merely a featured list that the producer might try to add in order to promote the product.
The choice of words to describe America’s fiscal situation matters, given the hysteria that has been whipped up in recent months, primarily by people who want to make big cuts in the country’s two main entitlement programs, Social Security and Medicare.
These tax cuts should also be linked to the state of the economy, so that they would wind down as employment recovers (for example, to its level in 2007, relative to total population).
Ordinarily, partisan political gridlock in Washington would prevent any such sensible change.
During his campaign, Obama demonstrated these skills in his calm response to crises, his forward-looking vision, and his superb organizational ability.
We judge leaders not only by the effectiveness of their actions, but also by the meanings that they create and teach. 
Contextual intelligence is the intuitive diagnostic skill that helps a leader align tactics with objectives to produce smart strategies in different situations.
On the bottom board of transnational relations outside the control of governments – pandemics, climate change, the drug trade, or transnational terrorism, for example – power is chaotically distributed.
The Alberta government – and the oil companies that influence it – would upgrade “tar sands” to “oil sands,” apparently thinking that a better name somehow silences environmental critics.
Had BP spilled hundreds of billions of barrels of bitumen across hundreds of square kilometers, environmentalists would rightly demand that no expense be spared to rid the dirt of every trace of oil.
They disparage hideous strip mines and toxic tailing ponds that even superstar marketers cannot “greenwash.” &#160;The scale is unusual, but open-pit mines and tailing ponds are normal mining operations everywhere.
These developments will come anyway, and, once they do, the United States will become a mere bystander.
In the longer term, were shale gas and oil to satisfy US demand, Canadian oil could wean America’s allies from their Middle East oil addiction, giving them new foreign-policy options, too.
The Political Economy of 2013
The question, both for Italy and Europe as a whole, is whether the new government will maintain the current economic policy stance or shift to one that is less acceptable to the country’s external partners (particularly Germany and the European Central Bank).
In other countries, the causal direction will run primarily from economics to politics.
While some would have favored greater policy activism, Merkel’s Germany has provided a steady anchor for a eurozone struggling to end bouts of financial instability and put an end to questions about its survival as a well-functioning monetary union (one that aspires to becoming much more).
BRUSSELS/MEXICO CITY – Since the global economic downturn began in 2008, debate has centered on the macroeconomic strategies and instruments used to address the crisis and foster recovery.
The renowned American economist Mancur Olson argued that stagnation in developed economies results from cartels and lobbies becoming more numerous and powerful over time, until they eventually drain a country’s economic dynamism.
Economic policy is like gardening: pulling on plants will not make them grow faster, but a successful gardener can provide them with the right environment in which to flourish.
This cannot be achieved without bridging ideological divisions and overcoming political pressures from particular economic groups.
By basing economic policy on this experience, we could not only avert Olson’s grim prophecy. We could also accelerate economic recovery, increase the pace of innovation, and raise livelihoods for millions of people worldwide.
These inferior substitutes often imply exorbitant costs for borrowers – and financing that is usually too short term for productive investment activity.
In Malaysia, agent-banking regulation (which safeguards consumers’ interests while supporting financial institutions’ business models) has led to the expansion of branchless banking to reach previously unserved rural areas.
This September, Malaysia’s central bank will advance the process by hosting AFI’s Global Policy Forum.
With its benchmark lending rate at the zero-bound, the Fed has embraced a fundamentally different approach in attempting to guide the US economy.
After all, it conducts a comprehensive triennial Survey of Consumer Finances (SCF), which provides a detailed assessment of the role that wealth and balance sheets play in shaping the behavior of a broad cross-section of American consumers.
Trapped in the aftermath of a wrenching balance-sheet recession, US families remain fixated on deleveraging – paying down debt and rebuilding their income-based saving balances.
The Occupy Wall Street movement began two years ago this month.
NEWPORT BEACH – Three years after the global financial crisis, the global economy remains a confusing place – and for good reasons.
While the obstacles are not yet sufficiently serious to derail the ongoing recovery, only a fool would gloss over them.
Last week, Portugal joined Greece and Ireland in seeking an official bailout to avoid a default that would undermine Europe’s banking system.
The longer the US postpones the day of reckoning, the greater the risk to the dollar’s global standing as the world’s main reserve currency, and to the attractiveness of US government bonds as the true “risk-free” financial benchmark.
There has not been a good solution since that black Wednesday in August 2013, when Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s war machine, by using chemical weapons, crossed the “red line” that US President Barack Obama had warned would trigger an American military response.
The world was rightly horrified by America’s recent blunder in bombing the Médecins Sans Frontières’ hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan.
And his thinly veiled threats against the Baltic states, Poland, Finland, and now Turkey – whose airspace and relations with NATO have been probed by Russian aircraft – reveal a strategy of aggression that has as its chief goal the weakening of Europe.
Will the enormous rise of United States government debt that is projected for the coming decade and beyond lead to inflation or even to default? Will the explosive growth of commercial banks’ excess reserves cause rapid inflation as the economy recovers?
While it is hard to say how much the decline might be, it would not be surprising to see a fall of 20% over the next several years from the current level of about 1.4 dollars per euro.
It will also use its new authority to pay interest on the reserves held by commercial banks at the Fed in order to prevent excessive lending.
Described as a “generational opportunity,” the potential is indeed great.
Unfortunately, the proposed health agenda seems to ignore this trend.
Of the 99 papers reviewed for the health consultation, 15 came from organizations promoting sexual and reproductive health and rights, while only five were from NCD-focused groups (six if a paper from a group supported by the alcohol industry is included).
For example, people living with and affected by HIV organized vibrant social movements that issued demands for change at national and global levels, dismantled legal and social barriers that exacerbated risk, and articulated norms and standards in human-rights terms.
Likewise, over the last four decades, improved breeding methods, higher-quality feed, and better veterinary care have more than doubled average milk production worldwide. Nevertheless, regional discrepancies remain massive: cows in the Netherlands can produce roughly 9,000 liters of milk annually, while Zebu cattle in the tropics produce only about 300 liters.
Underused land reserves also exist elsewhere in South America, Central Asia, and Eastern Europe.
Whether climate change will be a source of yield uncertainty in the coming decades remains unclear as well.
But it would not have changed the course of history for the worse if President Bush had not responded as he did.
Indeed, since September 2001, the war on terror has claimed more innocent victims than those terrorist attacks.
Nevertheless, the ideologues in the administration were determined to pursue it because, in the words of Paul Wolfowitz, "it was doable."
Indeed, after all that has happened, a majority of the US electorate continues to have confidence in Bush on national security matters.
The war on terror polarizes the world.
If Americans fail to recognize that they may be wrong, they risk undermining the country's dominant position.
After the long and painful campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan, I understand every impulse to stay clear of the turmoil, to watch but not to intervene, to ratchet up language but not to engage in the hard, even harsh business of changing reality on the ground.
I completely understand this view. But to embrace it would be a grave strategic error.
If you elect a bad government, then tough – you live with it.
The people do want democracy, but they will be disdainful of Western critics whom they will see as utterly naive in the face of the threat to democracy that the Muslim Brotherhood posed.
But others are taking sides.
I understand why the pendulum has swung so heavily the other way.
The West would have to pay tribute to China in the future the way it had kowtowed to it in the past.
There is more fear today in the West, but also a little less hope in Asia.
The question is no longer one of shared interests or common security goals, but of culture, as the United States, in particular, increasingly looks to Asia and Latin America and attracts immigrants from those regions.
How to Avoid a Double-Dip Global Recession
Overspending countries are now retrenching, owing to the need to reduce their private and public spending, to import less, and to reduce their external deficits and deleverage.
Seventh, in countries where private and public debt levels are unsustainable – household debt in countries where the housing boom has gone bust and debts of governments, like Greece’s, that suffer from insolvency rather than just illiquidity – liabilities should be restructured and reduced to prevent a severe debt deflation and contraction of spending.
But how can we distinguish good banks from bad?
As a result, Japan never fully recovered from its recession.
As Simon Johnson suggests in his book 13 Bankers, we should break up the mega-banks into smaller parts that can comfortably be allowed to fail.
Although this plan would prop up the value of the financial system as a whole, it would still allow market forces to determine relative share prices of individual banks.
How to Default on Sovereign Debt
More likely than not, sovereign debtors will have to interact with the same creditors and international actors again.
And yet things are not necessarily so black and white.
This repayment contributed to a slow improvement in its credit rating and its eventual return to international capital markets in 2014.
If the real interest rate on Greek debt were 4% (more or less what Greece is paying now for the emergency loans from the European Union) and annual GDP grew by 2% on average, the required primary fiscal surplus each year for the next quarter-century would be 5.7% of GDP.
This approach has several advantages: by leaving the face value of the debt unaltered, EU officials could argue that restructuring Greece’s debt did not amount to a default, thereby limiting contagion.
But markets are already assigning a high probability to a Greek default.
NEW YORK – Some people thought that Barack Obama’s election would turn everything around for America.
The total shortfalls were estimated at $150 billion a few months ago; now the number must be much larger – indeed, California alone faces a shortfall of $40 billion.
- Confidence is important, but it must rest on sound fundamentals.
- Don’t confuse saving bankers and shareholders with saving banks.
The era of believing that something can be created out of nothing should be over.
As I argue in my book The Globalization Paradox, expanding the scope for national governments to maintain regulatory diversity and rebuild frayed social bargains would enhance the functioning of the global economy.
Progress along such a path requires “national” citizens to begin viewing themselves increasingly as “global” citizens, with interests that extend beyond their state’s borders.
World Resources Institute President Andrew Steer notes that more than 50 developing countries are now implementing costly policies to reduce climate change.
Of course, “global citizenship” will always be a metaphor, because there will never be a world government administering a worldwide political community.
Discredited regimes may cling all the more ruthlessly and ruinously to power, as in Syria.
Burma has a very different internal political dynamic, not least because of the complex relationships among its various ethnic and linguistic communities – social cleavages that were not an issue in largely homogeneous Poland’s transition.
Above all, we should be patient.
We feel less lonely – it all worked out for you.”
After being pushed to the wall by more than two decades of Western expansion – be it European Union or NATO enlargement – into a part of Europe that it considers vital to its national security, Russians believe that they have the moral high ground in defending their interests.
One centers on the US and its ambition to conclude the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP).
What matters in resolving today’s conflicts, be they active or supposedly “frozen,” is to build a broader framework of cooperation and dialogue between the EU and what I term Greater Eurasia.
Around the world, the number of women in the workforce remains far below that of men; only about half of working-age women are employed.
Employment of women on an equal basis with men provides companies with a larger talent pool, potentially increasing creativity, innovation, and productivity.
Women benefit when flexible work arrangements are introduced and the barriers between part-time and full-time work contracts are lowered, as the Netherlands has successfully done.
MELBOURNE – Did you make any New Year’s resolutions? Perhaps you resolved to get fit, to lose weight, to save more money, or to drink less alcohol.
But if we have already made that decision, why don’t we just do it? From Socrates onwards, that question has puzzled philosophers.
What does this have to do with keeping resolutions? Richard Holton, a professor of philosophy at MIT and the author of Willing, Wanting, Waiting, points out that a resolution is an attempt to overcome the problem of maintaining an intention when we expect that, at some future time, we will face inclinations contrary to our intention.
·         Break your resolution into a series of small steps;
BERKELEY – The dollar has had its ups and downs, but the downs have clearly dominated of late.
The dollar would plummet. There would be financial distress and a deep recession.
Indeed, the very fact that the Fed is under such intense political scrutiny makes it all but certain that it will take the first opportunity to reestablish its price-stability bona fides.
When banks borrow on the wholesale money market to finance their investments, they borrow in dollars.
Caught on the horns of this dilemma, the Fed could do nothing to solve America’s problems.
We need to assess what can be achieved at the national level and what EU institutions should do.
This must go hand in hand with a discussion of how the EU can provide incentives to member states that are committed to difficult structural reforms at a time of retrenchment, which could lead to talks about possible forms of fiscal coordination. Though it is premature to enter into such discussions now, the issue should not be taken off the table.
Most worrying, the crisis has challenged the very idea of European integration. Thus, we will be able to advance a reformist agenda only if we have a convincing narrative that explains why we need Europe and why it serves the interests of current and future generations.
LOS ANGELES – The recent stampede in Mecca, in which more than a thousand pilgrims making the hajj were trampled to death, is a tragic but powerful reminder of the city’s prominence in the Muslim world.
Annual influxes of hundreds of thousands of pilgrims closely packed into steamships were blamed for spreading cholera through port cities from Bombay to Hamburg, making the hajj a major cause of death around the world.
When the Saudi government introduced Fords to the area in around 1930, it needed all of its military resources to prevent the Bedouin from destroying them.
It is up to the rest of the Muslim world to provide alternatives to the modern idea, championed by Saudi Wahhabis and other arch-conservatives, that Mecca is the inexorable and inevitable center of the Muslim world.
More than a decade after the launch of the Doha Round of global free-trade talks, this agreement could be a down payment on the commitment that WTO members have made to linking trade and development.
A new customs component to a highway project between Phnom Penh and Ho Chi Minh City helped increase the total value of trade through the Moc Bai-Bavet border by 40% over three years.
It is time for WTO members to make progress on issues where there is room to do so.
Equity-based awards, coupled with the highly leveraged capital structure of banks, tie executives’ compensation to a leveraged bet on the value of banks’ assets. As Holger Spamann and I show in our research, executive payoffs should be tied to the long-term value delivered not only to shareholders, but also to other contributors to banks’ capital.
To do so, executive payoffs could be made dependent on changes in the value of the banks’ credit-default swaps, which reflect the probability that the bank will not have sufficient capital to meet its full obligations.
It thus would also contribute to making our financial systems safer.
As a result, levels of import penetration actually fell, quite sharply, in virtually every country.
In 1931, after Britain and some two dozen other countries suspended gold convertibility and allowed their currencies to depreciate, countries that stuck to the gold standard found themselves in a deflationary vice.
The same is true today.
Fortunately, the Chinese government has a ready solution to this problem: that’s right, it can let its currency appreciate.
The European Central Bank should reverse its mistaken decision to hike interest rates.
Fifth, debt burdens that cannot be eased by growth, savings, or inflation must be rendered sustainable through orderly debt restructuring, debt reduction, and conversion of debt into equity.
Leaving the common currency would, of course, threaten collateral damage for the exiting country and raise the risk of contagion for other weak eurozone members.
The risks ahead are not just of a mild double-dip recession, but of a severe contraction that could turn into Great Depression II, especially if the eurozone crisis becomes disorderly and leads to a global financial meltdown. Wrong-headed policies during the first Great Depression led to trade and currency wars, disorderly debt defaults, deflation, rising income and wealth inequality, poverty, desperation, and social and political instability that eventually led to the rise of authoritarian regimes and World War II.
Upholding the peace treaty with Israel would have the opposite effect, enabling Egypt to pursue its goals of consolidating the military’s authority at home and enhancing its influence throughout the Middle East.
Egypt’s newly democratic government would be more strictly accountable for fulfilling the treaty’s terms if it played an active role in establishing them. At the same time, the agreement would boost domestic support for Egypt’s government and enhance its regional standing.
They remain badly in need of protection from the threat of insolvency.
And that is now happening.
Some compromise will be necessary.
Given the high risk premiums currently prevailing in Europe, this percentage is too low to constitute a level playing field.
Much depends on how the Greek crisis plays out.
A bailout, then, would simply delay the inevitable at a huge cost to taxpayers.
How can that be?
The secret behind Sweden’s successful development, and hence people’s attitudes, is how the costs of change are distributed.
Social protection also has a broad, general nature.
Intense foreign competition and rapid technological change does not have to be a race to the bottom.
As ever, change upsets the cozy status quo and the interests that benefit from it.
All politics is local, and there is no local constituency for the global economy, so what triumphs often erodes global imbalances further.
Unfortunately, it is difficult for existing NGOs to take up the cause of popularizing global economic policy coordination.
A transparent and fair process of arriving at its policy recommendations, based primarily on convincing economic research and data analysis, will be essential.
The targets set by the MDGs basically amounted to a list of “things that would be good to achieve.”
And why these particular goals? Why aspire to improve access to information technology (the Internet, mobile phones) but not to basic energy?
Despite the MDGs’ breadth, one issue received the most attention by far over the past decade: global warming.
But if we do not explicitly choose between policies based on their effectiveness, often the decision is made for us by other factors, including which issue attracts the most media attention or has self-interested corporations and activists pushing for a specific investment.
But, instead of celebrating an agreement that has helped stabilize East Asia for a half-century, the treaty is now at serious risk, as much from indecision as from kneejerk anti-Americanism.
But the biggest problem with Hatoyama’s government is that the DPJ took power without a coherent national security policy.
Instead of dealing with these concrete threats to Japan, Hatoyama continues to act like an opposition politician by attacking the LDP and undermining one of the proudest achievements of LDP rule, the deep and trusting alliance with the US.
People are discovering that Hatoyama is incapable of making – and sticking with – a decision.
Indeed, what really makes a crisis profound is precisely the broad variety of differing diagnoses and different remedies.
Such rescues, in short, appear to help big companies with bad managers.
In today’s credit crunch, as in the Great Depression, central banks lend at practically zero interest rates.
It is in times of crisis that Utopian ideas about ways of guaranteeing human happiness flourish, often claiming some scientific basis.
Although this election was accompanied by far less violence than the previous presidential vote in 2007, the opposition candidate Raila Odinga’s second consecutive defeat has only re-enforced his supporters’ fears that they are once again being cheated out of power.
By some definitions, around one-quarter of the country’s 44 million people are in the middle class.
There are even instances in which two managers will contrive to hire each other’s relatives to evade nepotism charges.
By introducing and implementing fairness and transparency to public-sector recruitment, and ensuring that appointments are based on talent, not ethnic or family connections, Kenyans may become less fearful about their political leaders’ origins.
While some countries ­- say, Poland - strongly supported America's war effort, others tried to balance their support for the US with their "understanding" of the views of Germany and France.
Although the leaders of Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Slovakia recently declared they wanted to keep the Visegrad grouping alive even after their countries' enter the EU, the future of Visegrad cooperation is uncertain.
The three Baltic states will most likely cooperate much more closely with the Scandinavian countries than with the other new members.
Their plight, symptomatic in many ways of the plight of women around the world, holds lessons for us all.
The second reason that a million US women have filed for bankruptcy is that legislation enacted in 2005 now pits individual women – who can’t afford costly legal advice – against credit-card companies in terms of who gets paid first when ex-husbands owe delinquent credit-card payments and child-support payments.
As a result, they often see buying trendy shoes or a great haircut – rather than giving some money each month to a broker – as an “investment” in their romantic futures.
When middle-class women anywhere in the world get over this taboo, we will do so by understanding that money is never just about money, and that becoming financially literate means pushing back against a social role that casts middle-class women as polite, economically vague, underpaid, shopping-dazed dependents.
For the moment, things are moving in the wrong direction.
But Japanese men, who spend less time caring for children than fathers in most other industrialized countries, could share more of the responsibilities of parenting.
More important, current tax policies that reinforce women’s over-representation in temporary contract work should be changed.
The latest Global Financial Centres Index (GFCI), published by the consultancy Z/Yen in London, revealed that the Rock had risen further and faster up the ranks than any other center – 17 places, from 70th to 53rd position, since the previous report in September 2013.
For one brief shining moment, the Royal Bank of Scotland was global top dog in rankings of commercial banks, and we know how that story ended.
Indeed, it seems that London’s small decline is attributable to negative scores on general factors such as the “business environment” and “infrastructure.”
That is especially true in fund management.
But, unless New York’s populist new mayor, Bill de Blasio, tries to run the banks out of town, Western sheriff-style, these cities do not seem likely to steal Wall Street’s crown anytime soon.
The AQR is the key element in a “comprehensive assessment” of Europe’s banks before the ECB formally takes on supervisory responsibility for more than 80% of the eurozone banking system in November.
Collectively, they are known as the ESAs (European supervisory authorities).
Integration-minded officials at the European Commission clearly do not regard this as a satisfactory end-state.
The general direction is clear.
His forecast represented a simple extrapolation of two trends: continued financial deepening worldwide (that is, faster growth of financial assets than of the real economy), and London’s maintenance of its share of the global financial business.
Andy Haldane, one of the lieutenants Carney inherited at the BoE, has questioned the financial sector’s economic contribution, pointing to “its ability to both invigorate and incapacitate large parts of the non-financial economy.”
Using a sample of 20 developed countries, they find a negative correlation between the financial sector’s share of GDP and the health of the real economy.
Periods of rapid growth in lending are often associated with construction booms, partly because real-estate assets are relatively easy to post as collateral for loans.
JPMorgan will bounce back, of course, but its travails have reopened the debate about what to do with banks that are “too big to fail.”
Banks on the list must keep higher reserves, and maintain more liquidity, reflecting their status as systemically important institutions.
The UK has decided to take action before any Europe-wide solution is agreed.
Germany’s government seems to have little appetite for breaking up Deutsche Bank, and the French have taken a leaf from the British book and implemented their own reform.
That is not the outcome that the G-20 – or anyone else – sought back in 2009.
To be sure, the exchange rate has an impact on investment and trade.
Intellectual property protection is related to economic development, so the question should be whether China has reached the stage at which effective protection is possible.
Nevertheless, to American eyes, other contentious issues are now emerging in relations with China.
MEXICO CITY – Supporters of Hugo Chávez, the recently deceased Venezuelan president, and even many of his critics, have repeatedly emphasized two supposed achievements that will burnish his legacy.
The decline was especially pronounced in the three largest countries – Brazil, Mexico, and Argentina – which comprise nearly 75% of the region’s population.
With the exception of the Caracazo – a wave of protests against free-market reforms in 1989 that resulted in an estimated 3,000 deaths – there were only minor bouts of repression.
LONDON – I remember the exact date of my visit to Venezuela.
Oligarchs fight to keep control over the oil revenues, populists promise to redistribute them, and both groups steal as much as they can for themselves.
Upon reasserting political control in 2003, Chávez fired 40% of PDVSA’s staff.
In early 2013, the government was forced to announce a 32% devaluation, and stopped issuing government debt in dollars.
Chávez’s petro-diplomacy sometimes took bizarre forms, like providing cheap bus travel for Londoners to please London’s left-wing mayor, Ken Livingstone.
Indeed, there is an almost universal belief that, with multifaceted cultures and intricate technology, humans have freed themselves from the pressures of natural selection.
The most significant changes occur when individuals at one end of a trait’s value are heavily favored, pushing the entire population in that direction.
Recently developed statistical tools have finally made this possible. With more sophisticated methods, my colleagues and I were reliably able to distinguish genetic changes, and thus to demonstrate an evolutionary shift toward a younger age at first birth in a small, insular population in Québec over the last 140 years.
Add to that a faltering global economy, and there seems to be little “holiday cheer” on offer.
As a child, the mere sight of the dentist chair would cause me to break out in a cold sweat, as I anticipated my forthcoming encounter with the battery of gleaming instruments seemingly designed for the principal purpose of causing excruciating pain.
Louis XIV of France had all of his upper teeth removed after a dentist fractured his jaw trying to extract a lower molar.
Even if she did, however, she would not face the barriers that people with poor dental health confronted in the past.
Migration Realism
But, all too often, migrants are used as scapegoats.
European countries, for example, need to devise mechanisms to share the flow of incoming migrants.
We must be careful not to drive migration further underground or offer additional opportunities to the criminal gangs that prey on the desperation of migrants to make obscene profits.
Indeed, the discrimination usually continues even after they are cured, blighting not only their lives, but the lives of their family members.
Many of the problems faced by people affected by leprosy today stem from society’s ignorance about the disease.
We call on states to use the opportunity afforded by the UN’s historic resolution to work toward a world where people affected by leprosy and their family members can live with dignity and play their part in the life of the community.
Against this background, it was impossible to agree on a single, comprehensive human rights instrument giving holistic effect to the Declaration’s principles. And, unsurprisingly, it took almost two decades before UN member states simultaneously adopted two separate treaties – the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the International Covenant on Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights – encompassing the two distinct baskets of rights. However, only the former treaty was endowed with a follow-up mechanism to monitor its implementation.
Yet the Declaration’s enlightened vision of individual freedom, social protection, economic opportunity and duty to community is still unfulfilled.
A key part of the answer lies in more effective systems of accountability, so that rights are recognized and laws enforced.
Nothing on this anniversary is more important than to urge our leaders to recognize the scale of the task and commit to sustained action to build institutional capacities to protect human rights, starting in their own countries.
Thanks to this collective effort, tens of thousands of individuals – and millions more through schools, community groups, trade unions, and civil society organizations – have come to identify again, or for the first time, with the goals of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The security impasse that exists between Israel and the Gazan-Palestinian leadership has also led to blockades of food aid by Israel that have left Gaza’s 1.5 million people facing conditions of real hunger.
This diversion of the energy of war can take place at any stage of the cycle of escalation, but if preventive peace building is not launched at the first sign of trouble, and problems remain unaddressed as the conflict intensifies (especially if it turns violent), some type of intervention will be needed.
Palestinians and Israelis need to establish viable dialogues across the huge social fissures that divide them, as well as dialogues between the authorities and ordinary people who live in a state of confusion about what is being done in their name.
WASHINGTON, DC: There is an old saying that goes, “If you have only a hammer, everything looks like a nail.”
Trade deficits reflect transactions between producers and buyers, and those transactions are the result of incentives and price signals.
Once again, China provides clear evidence of these patterns, with almost 60% of Chinese exports being produced by foreign corporations.
Countries that substitute government spending for market spending either generate inflationary budget deficits, or end up with excessively high tax rates that destroy incentives.
Ever since, the country could be held together only by an iron fist: Iraq’s history is replete with Shia, Kurdish, and even Christian Assyrian revolts, all put down in bloody fashion by the ruling Sunni minority.
Let’s be frank: Iraq is going the way of Yugoslavia as it disintegrated in the early 1990’s.
This may be more conducive to peace than trying to impose on them a hated occupation or an equally hated Shia hegemony.
On one side are politicians like German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker, US President Barack Obama, former Israeli Welfare and Social Services Minister Isaac Herzog, and religious figures like Pope Francis. On the other are Hungarian Prime Minister Victor Orbán, French nationalist politician Marine Le Pen, US Republican Presidential Candidate Donald Trump, Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu, the Cardinal of Hungary, Péter Erdő, and legions of other Eastern European clergy.
Their gut-level response is to build fences and walls, as long and as tall as possible, whether on the border between Mexico and the US, on Israel’s border with Egypt, or on Hungary’s border with Serbia (or even with fellow EU member Croatia).
WASHINGTON, DC – When you spark one of the largest protests in Eastern Europe since the fall of communism, you know that you have stirred up the electorate. That is exactly what the Hungarian government did when it recently proposed an “Internet tax” of 50 euro cents ($0.62) per gigabyte.
The resulting price hikes impede the adoption and use of ICT, lowering tax revenues from purchases of goods and services. And the evidence shows an even larger indirect effect: restricting ICT adoption dampens growth.
Countries would be better off with policies that promote ICT: elimination of taxes and tariffs on ICT products and services, removal of non-tariff barriers like requiring local data storage, and encouragement of digital innovation and transformation in economic sectors through regulatory and procurement reform.
With the lowest central pressure of the 2012 hurricane season, Sandy may have caused up to $20 billion in damages, making it one of the costliest superstorms in history.
Indeed, recent reports by the United Nations’ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and other scientific literature suggest that the intensity of tropical cyclones (that is, hurricanes) will increase as a result of warmer waters.
It should also be noted that an atmospheric weather pattern known as a “block,” a persistent area of high pressure that may have led to record melting in Greenland, was most likely the reason that Sandy moved inland rather than out to sea.
The world will need more cooperation in the coming years, as climate change begins to interact with and exacerbate extreme weather events, in order to gain the lead-time needed to prepare for disasters.
Thirty years ago, Australian vessels, with the government’s blessing, killed sperm whales off the West Australian coast.
Moreover, whalers do not want to use a large amount of explosive, because that would blow the whale to pieces, while the whole point is to recover valuable oil or flesh.
Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser’s conservative government accepted his recommendation that whaling be stopped, and Australia soon became an anti-whaling nation.
The Japanese do have one argument that is not so easily dismissed.
Stopping a Dirty Bomb
There is evidence that terrorist groups have tried to acquire the material needed to construct a crude nuclear explosive device, or a dirty bomb.
Although only a handful of these incidents involved material that could be used to make a nuclear explosive device, a relatively small amount of radioactive material could be combined with conventional explosives to create a dirty bomb.
Terrorists and criminals will try to exploit any vulnerability in the global security system.
Either way, the premise that the US should lead forcefully rests on the idea that without a benevolent hegemonic power to police the world, chaos will ensue and more malevolent forces will take over.
That is the paradox of imperialism.
Germany and Japan had to be kept down, the Communist powers had to be contained, and the old countries of Europe had to learn to live with one another under unifying pan-national institutions.
In his recent foreign-policy speech at the US Military Academy at West Point, Obama barely mentioned East Asia.
And it is just as natural for Japan to feel nervous about the prospect of becoming a kind of vassal state (the Koreans are more accustomed to this role, vis-à-vis China).
Under the Japanese name of Takagi Masao, he served as an officer in the Japanese Imperial Army. He graduated from a military academy in Manchuria, where Kishi had once ruled over an industrial empire that was built on Chinese slave labor.
Territorial disputes over unimportant islands could be laid to rest.
The US presence allows East Asia’s rival powers to act irresponsibly.
Because Abe is the nationalist grandson of a former prime minister who was once arrested as a war criminal, and because he has paid public tribute to soldiers who died for the emperor in World War II, these protests might seem reasonable.
That is why the main goal of nationalist-minded Japanese leaders, starting with Abe’s grandfather, Nobusuke Kishi, has been the return of full Japanese sovereignty by revising Article 9.
On the contrary, his reinterpretation of the constitution is meant to help the US in its military policing of East Asia.
In fact, Chinese attitudes may be more complicated and less unified than they seem.
Israel’s defenders are right to point out that public opinion in Europe, and to a much lesser extent in the United States, tends to be much more critical of Israeli atrocities in Gaza than about bloodier violence committed by Muslims against Muslims in other parts of the Middle East.
The link between corrupting Jewish influence and the US was originally a right-wing trope.
If all Jews were responsible for the oppression of Arabs, attacks on Jews in Europe, or anywhere else, should be condoned, if not actively encouraged.
So, naturally, they applaud the Israeli government for using harsh measures to keep the Arabs down.
The world is increasingly fragmenting, with fearful people embracing smaller, defensive identities: Scottish, Catalan, Flemish, Sunni, Shia, Kurdish, and so on.
There is no room for Stalin’s mass murders in the kind of “patriotic” education favored by Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In their efforts to revise the historical record, they are not really thinking of Koreans or Chinese, but of political adversaries at home.
Kishi’s aim was to regain Japanese pride and sovereignty by revising the constitution and reviving old-fashioned patriotism, thus undoing some of the American educational reforms.
Historical truth is not the point; political mastery is.
In the first case, Dmitri Borodin, the minister counselor at the Russian embassy in The Hague, was arrested late one night in October of last year, after neighbors alerted the Dutch police that Borodin, allegedly in a drunken state, was beating his two small children.
Because consular officials do not enjoy the same degree of immunity as higher-ranking diplomats, the police were acting within their authority, even if their methods – strip-searching Khobragade, for example – might be considered excessive.
Whether or not this is true is beside the point.
This, too, was very much a case of “keeping face”: the Chinese expected tribute; the British lord insisted on the equal status of his king.
She was born into the Dalit caste, the “untouchables,” who in former times would never have gotten anywhere near the elite, except to sweep their floors.
As individuals and societies become richer, they come into closer contact with one another – virtually, through communication technologies, and physically, through population growth, urbanization, and travel. Meanwhile, rising consumption of products like food, energy, and medicine enhances the externalities, or spillover effects, of individual choices, with the connectivity of global systems increasing these effects’ range and impact.
While it is impossible to safeguard the system fully, sound regulation and effective oversight could have prevented the crisis, or at least reduced its impact on millions of people’s livelihoods.
Financial regulation is driven by the interests of banks, health policy by the interests of insurance companies, and tax policy by the interests of the rich.
They are themselves shaped by ideas – beliefs about who we are, what we are trying to achieve, and how the world works.
Or do you turn inward and reward your military friends and other cronies, at the expense of almost everyone else? Authoritarian rulers in East Asia embraced the first strategy; their counterparts in the Middle East opted for the second.
Our interests are in fact hostage to our ideas.
It was economists and their ideas that made it respectable for policymakers and regulators to believe that what is good for Wall Street is good for Main Street.
People may have a taste for oranges or bananas, or a preference for enjoying life today instead of saving for the future.
Who people are and how they think of themselves is key to the decisions that they make.
This example is just the tip of the iceberg.
If they do not, they will seek to game the incentive system, rather than to meet the organization’s goals.

There is no humane slaughter requirement for wild fish caught and killed at sea, nor, in most places, for farmed fish.
To put this in perspective, the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization estimates that 60 billion animals are killed each year for human consumption – the equivalent of about nine animals for each human being on the planet.
Her recent book Do Fish Feel Pain? shows that fish are not only capable of feeling pain, but also are a lot smarter than most people believe.
The deluge of conflicting data relating to various foods’ costs and benefits exemplifies the challenge inherent in making informed decisions.
Using genetic-engineering techniques, the British company Oxitec has created new varieties of the mosquito species that transmit dengue fever.
With a little research, she would have discovered that male mosquitoes do not bite, and that the released mosquitoes (all male) die in the absence of their specially supplemented diet.
That definition is worthy of consideration as we reflect on the perils of ignorance in the twenty-first century.
You see where this could easily go: if we push far enough, most of us do not actually know, in the Platonic sense, much of anything.
That’s why we keep allowing ourselves to be talked into supporting unjust wars (not to mention actually dying in them), or voting for people whose main job seems to be to amass as much wealth for the rich as they can get away with.
The only thing that they agreed on was to admonish China to revalue its currency.
Governments are silent, acting more or less as if nothing important is happening.
Above all, every developed economy pursued policies designed to provide high wages, which would guarantee high consumption and thus rapid growth.
The US now borrows $2 billion a day, 95% of it from Asia and 45% of that amount from China’s central bank. America’s total debt exceeds 39 trillion dollars, or roughly 3.5 times US GDP.
Plugging the Leaks in Africa’s Economies
Abusive transfer pricing – in which legally related entities misprice goods or services – accounts for roughly 60% of the continent’s illicit capital flight, according to the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa.
Out of control tax incentives are another source of the problem.
In its Agenda 2063, the African Union emphasized the need to mobilize domestic resources toward sustainable and inclusive development.
But one recommendation – curbing illicit financial flows – was unexpected.
This, like money laundering by criminal organizations, is obviously illegal (as well as morally reprehensible).
If this effort produced just a 10% reduction in the average losses from illicit financial flows, compared to 2002-2012, it would save countries $768 billion – money that could be used to finance development projects.
Unfortunately, the existing framework for preventing money laundering does not offer an encouraging precedent.
This struck me last week when I listened to one of Egypt’s new online generation talking enthusiastically about the future.
People may want a world free of corruption, but it’s hard to understand how such a world works.
“Our government is going to set free-market prices just like yours.”
But in the real world, even online, things aren’t so easy.
The modernizers need to form a coherent force – and most likely a political party – rather than simply relying on the wisdom (and good behavior) of the crowd to govern the country.
Let’s take a case study, the last generalized boom-bust cycle in commodity prices, which caused these prices generally to rise (more or less) from some time in the 1960’s until the 1980’s, and then generally to fall until the mid-1990’s.
This was the time of the “great population scare,” which transformed thinking worldwide, no doubt contributing to higher commodity prices while the fear lasted.

Maybe that image was at least part of the reason why people became so worried in the 1970’s about population running ahead of resources.
While it may seem that no image in the last decade was so dramatic as the first photo of the earth from space, think again.
With so many vivid images of a shrinking and damaged planet, is it really any wonder that human psychology is ripe for high commodity prices?
Today, no less than yesterday, Mediterranean people – Muslims, Christians, and Jews –share inescapable geopolitical, demographic, and economic realities.
But the comments were widely interpreted as an echo of pronouncements a few days earlier by Marine Le Pen, the leader of the far-right National Front party.
Indeed, the test of success of any new Mediterranean structure will be the degree to which it meets the aspirations and scrutiny of this young, politically aware generation throughout the region.
Yet consumer confidence, capital expenditure, and hiring have yet to take a sharp hit.
Mostly we are not even reminded of them.
The image of a bank run, of long lines of angry people lining up outside a failed bank, was briefly on our minds after the Northern Rock failure in Britain.
Psychology need only change enough to bring about a drop in consumption or investment growth of a percentage point or so of world GDP, and market repercussions can do the rest.
Its loans are limited to a multiple of a country’s contributions to its capital, and by this measure its loans to Greece are higher than any in its history.
But a crisis-wracked government will struggle to manage multiple demands.
Its rationale for doing so highlights the risks associated with its decision.
It will be difficult for the IMF to regain the trust of these increasingly prominent members.
Blanchard notes that in 2012, Greece agreed “to generate enough of a primary surplus to limit its indebtedness” and to implement “a number of reforms which should lead to higher growth.”
“Why insist on pensions? Pensions and wages account for about 75% of primary spending; the other 25% have already been cut to the bone.
Blanchard calls on Greece’s government to offer “truly credible measures.”
On this point, Greece and the IMF agree.
But the Greeks have already made tough choices.
This option should have been put on the table, recognizing that Greece has broader political reasons for staying within the eurozone.

Moreover, the skeptics overlook the fact that incentives to carry out structural reforms are partly endogenous.
In short, the IMF should not have made Europe’s concerns, about contagion or debt repayment, decisive in its decision-making.
WASHINGTON, DC – More than four years have passed since an overwhelming majority of the membership of the International Monetary Fund agreed to a package of reforms that would double the organization’s resources and reorganize its governing structure in favor of developing countries. But adopting the reforms requires approval by the IMF’s member countries; and, though the United States was among those that voted in favor of the measure, President Barack Obama has been unable to secure Congressional approval.
Removing the link between them would require the support of the US administration, but not ratification by Congress.
The Inequality Trifecta
But these are not normal times.
That is why it is so disappointing that, despite heightened awareness of inequality, the IMF/World Bank meetings – a gathering of thousands of policymakers, private-sector participants, and journalists, which included seminars on inequality in advanced countries and developing regions alike – failed to make a consequential impact on the policy agenda.
Such an approach would reduce the enormous policy burden currently borne by central banks.
Within two years, Wilhelm II dismissed Bismarck.
He detested liberal critics.
At the center, a civilian-military conflict emerged, the German army having always had a state-within-a-state mentality and status.
For a moment in the spring of 1918 – after the Bolsheviks signed a German-dictated Carthaginian peace – a German victory seemed possible.
The consequences of their leadership became manifest only later, as an aggrieved nation’s people turned against each other in their deep political and moral divisions and hatreds.
Then, in the 1980’s, a revisionist history came along.
In its first episode, Ferguson appears amid the splendid monuments of China’s Ming Dynasty, which, in the fifteenth century, was undoubtedly the greatest civilization of the day, with its naval expeditions reaching the coasts of Africa.
But the question is whether it also provided, through Hegel’s “cunning of reason,” the means to escape from them.
Chinese savings are underwriting much of the American civilizing mission that Ferguson applauds.
Germany blames France, and vice versa.
But those rules were steadily weakened, and by the early 2000’s were widely derided (including by Romano Prodi, Delors’ successor as President of the European Commission), as governments found that they could run large deficits without paying higher market interest rates.
A legal vestige of the original plan may offer an easy path to a greater ECB supervisory role today.
At the time of his report, he concluded that the European budget would amount to some 3% of GDP – identical to the peacetime US federal budget’s share of GDP during the country’s first stage of monetary union, in the nineteenth century.
The implication is clear: American children require no more nuanced attention than animals or inanimate objects.
The study compared two sets of disadvantaged children, with one set receiving excellent nutrition and high-quality, stimulating care for eight hours a day from birth to age five, and the other receiving ordinary formula and care.
Early childhood educators with the same qualifications had an average annual salary of $27,000-28,000.
JERUSALEM – Israel’s 60th anniversary has come and gone.
The first scenario is when a real war threatens to spill over into a wider conflict, destabilizing the region and Great Power relations.
The US warned Israel not to get involved, and Israel was forced to comply.
When either of these two scenarios is lacking, American initiatives are stillborn.
No national conflict has ever been solved by outside powers, however well intentioned they may be.
It also puts city managers at odds with environmentalists, who campaign for restrictions on development to ease pressure on forests and watersheds.
Farmers near Beijing, for example, have been paid to convert croplands from rice to corn.
The authors of “The Urban Water Blueprint” have calculated that more than $18 billion could be productively directed toward conservation activities, saving cities money and creating a new market comparable in size to the market for the water sector’s existing technologies.
Land use and water security are firmly linked.
Free medicines are only part of the solution.
These children join more than 500,000 others in Xinjiang who have participated in the educational component of Health Express. By targeting schools as hubs for health-care education and shaping students into health ambassadors for their families and friends, we can reach an even greater number of people in Xinjiang’s nomadic communities.
With the world population growing rapidly (to an estimated 8.5 billion by 2030), the impact of climate change becoming increasingly apparent, and the amount of arable land dwindling, there can be no denying that achieving this goal will be a daunting challenge.
And innovation is already happening.
Another potential pitfall of agricultural development is environmental damage, including land degradation, soil nutrient mining, excessive water use, and water pollution.
We are confident that African leaders will rise to the challenge.
Reflecting these reforms, the International Monetary Fund recently projected that Italy will have a cyclically adjusted budget surplus of nearly 1% of GDP in 2013.
That would remove the serious risk that the ECB could start buying bonds on the basis of agreed fiscal packages, and then be forced to react if governments fall short on implementing them.
Moreover, the increase in exports and the shift from imports to domestically produced goods and services would strengthen their economies, thereby reducing their fiscal deficits as tax revenues rose and transfers declined.
In Cautious Praise of Latin America
Although growth has indeed been significantly above trend in recent years, performance over the entire decade was unimpressive.
Second, Latin America needs to overhaul its weak health and education systems.
It passed the crisis test with flying colors, and the future is promising.
Amnesty laws in Argentina at the time shielded him from prosecution.
Immediately after the announcement, Sudan’s government and its allies began a diplomatic campaign aimed at securing a Security Council deferral of the investigations for 12 months. They are attracting wider support than they should – in part because of fear of retaliation against UN peacekeepers and humanitarian workers.
Supporters of Europe’s social model claim that what distinguishes it is the importance placed on “social cohesion.”
Indeed, some policies aimed at achieving cohesion may well reduce it.
For example, during the referendum campaign in France for the European constitution, the “Polish plumber” became a symbol of the threat that European integration was supposed to pose to French workers’ standards of living.
But the conservative attitudes underlying opposition to change are anything but “social,” for they would deny the poorest of Europe’s poor a chance to improve their lot.
It poses, for example, no obstacle whatsoever to a criminal investigation.
So-called “fishing expeditions” – indiscriminate trawling through bank accounts – remain out of bounds.
The OECD’s founding convention calls on it to assist sound economic expansion and to contribute to growth in world trade on a multilateral, non-discriminatory basis.
There is no political risk involved; the Swiss have no powerful lobby in the United States or the EU that they can mobilize; as the birthplace of private banking, Switzerland has enormous symbolic value; as the world leader in private banking, it triggers jealousies.
The current crisis has exposed the original lacunae and widening cracks in the compact between Europe’s citizens and EU institutions, between Europe’s north and south, and between its peoples and its elites.
Germany, in particular, must acknowledge that, far from being an innocent victim, its economy is the eurozone’s biggest beneficiary – and has been since the euro’s inception.
If EU institutions are to regain trust and relevance, they need to articulate concrete policies and deliver on issues that bear directly on citizens’ interests – youth unemployment, urban planning, health care, bio-tech research, energy conservation, transport, and aging.
MILAN – Around the world, the debate about financial regulation is coming to a head.
Moreover, few would disagree that, as the complexity of the system increases, gaps and asymmetries in terms of information, knowledge, and expertise are multiplying.
One is the “perfect storm” position: there were very many failures, misperceptions, informational asymmetries, and complexities, as well as much repugnant behavior, but it never occurred to market participants, regulators, or academics that the aggregate effect would be a near-collapse of the system.
The finance industry, regulators, and political leaders need to create a shared sense of collective responsibility for the system as a whole and its impact on the rest of the economy.
Neither will fiddling with the rules.
By contrast, mainstream economists argued, a technologically advancing industrial society was bound to be different.
And increasing rewards for those at the increasingly sharp peak of the income distribution have not called forth enough enterprising market competition to erode that peak.
But Wolf’s solution is not enough, for the problem is not confined to high finance.
He was one who wanted to remain true to the tradition of the January Uprising and the Legions of Józef Piłsudski, to the tradition of the insurgents of the Warsaw ghetto and Warsaw Uprising, to the values of the Polish October and the student revolt of 1968, to the values of KOR (Workers’ Defense Committee) and of “Solidarity.”
He wanted a democratic Poland in a strong and democratic Europe.
But he also worried.
I appeal to my ancestry only in one single case: when I encounter an anti-Semite.
It has only sketchy economic policies toward Russia; ambitions, but no game plan, to become a player in the Middle East; and, despite its original leadership on the Kyoto Protocol, no successor program on climate change. And the biggest question of all – how to engage with China, India, and other giants of the future – has received virtually no attention from EU-level policymakers.
At the beginning of the 1980’s, when Europe was faltering and the media catchword was “Eurosclerosis,” 50% of people polled for the Eurobarometer surveys viewed membership as positive for their country.
That demand must be abandoned.
The trigger for imposing this code of conduct was a scandal over MPs’ expenses, which rocked Britain’s political class for much of 2009.
Upwardly mobile MPs from the ruling Labour Party claimed the trappings of their newly-acquired middle-class status: second homes, mock-tudor beams, and plasma screen televisions.
Duties of government, like fighting wars, educating children, or punishing criminals, are being outsourced to private companies.
Complexity, by leading to moral ambiguities, forces relationships onto a contractual footing.
But there will be less of it than in societies run by bureaucrats, courts, and policeman.
Legislation or regulation aimed at restoring faith in the political class should be a last, not a first, resort.
In particular, the two countries whose problems drove much of the need for twentieth-century European integration – Germany and Italy – were culturally and politically highly diverse.
Now it is European unity that is needed for economic reasons.
In the 1780’s, a new consensus against such measures emerged.
Traditional marriage vows entail a commitment that binds the partners through changing circumstances: for richer and for poorer, in sickness and in health.
We know these creatures' apotheosis, Dracula, as a vampire from Transylvania, a bat-like person with long canine teeth who lies in a coffin during the day and bites necks and drinks blood for sustenance.
Since the sixteenth century, Czar Ivan IV - Ivan the Terrible - was called the "Russian Dracula."
Vampires, according to eighteenth-century science, were nothing more than the product of victims' delirium.
Literary works in which people who committed cruel, bloody acts were transformed into vampires became popular from 1820 onwards.
For the first time in history, however, neither the laureate nor any member of his immediate family will be present in Oslo to accept the award.
Despite this ongoing persecution, Liu continued to write and petition the government on behalf of the people of China.
Though now better off than they have ever been in material terms, the Chinese people under the current regime are denied any real opportunity to retain and refine their own dignity beyond the quest for wealth and luxury goods.
Just as Czechoslovakia’s communist government once imprisoned Havel for daring to dream of a civil society and a true constitution of liberty for his country, China’s government has imprisoned Liu for attempting something similar, with his Charter 08 appeal, modeled on Czechoslovakia’s Charter 77.
The extent to which growth creates opportunities and improves living standards depends on an array of structural and institutional economic policies, including many in areas outside of education and redistribution (the areas most commonly featured in discussions about inequality).
Both types of policies – macroeconomic management and measures that boost inclusiveness – deserve equal attention in national economic strategies.
Achieving Education for All
Specifically, the Incheon Declaration calls for all people to gain access to 12 years of publicly funded education, of which at least nine years are compulsory.
Beyond getting children into school, efforts must be made to ensure the quality of the education they receive.
This begins with political will and the setting of priorities.
This approach – which will guide the efforts of a joint program launched earlier this year by UNESCO, UN Women, and UNFPA, with support from the World Bank, to empower adolescent girls and young women through education – ensures that initiatives will have the strongest impact.
How can it be minimized?
Why would capitalists extract so little value from workers if they could get so much more out of them?
Before anyone can consume a kilowatt-hour, a liter of water, or a bus ride, somebody has to get a copper wire, a pipe, and a road to their house.
In Kenya, where there are 50 mobile phones per 100 people, only 16% of the population has access to electricity.
A similar logic led to the expansion of the interstate highway system.
In developing and emerging economies, one charitable explanation for the poor quality of public discourse about income inequality is that data on income distribution are often unavailable or dubious.

The same exercise, which treats pensions as deferred consumption and therefore abstracts from the redistributive role of pensions among the older populations of the advanced economies, yields a drop of seven points in the United States and a bit more than nine points in the European Union.
But, because cash transfers are universal, rather than targeted at the poor, the overall effect is not progressive but neutral, another paper finds.
So income inequality is bound to prove politically controversial when it is worsening, and also when it tends to decline.
But there is surprisingly deep inequality in firms’ productivity, which means that the size of the pie varies radically.
To address the problem requires investing in inclusion, endowing people with skills, and connecting them to the inputs and networks that can make them productive.
In this context, if markets are characterized by what economists call perfect competition, once the opportunity cost of all inputs has been paid, there is nothing left to distribute.
As with land, the current intellectual property-rights regime, by over-protecting old ideas, may provide market power that not only exacerbates income inequality but also hurts innovation.
The global financial crisis shook up the international financial architecture, catching many institutions off guard.
Similarly, China’s sovereign wealth funds have served as important anchor investors in the vehicles designed by the World Bank’s International Finance Corporation and the EBRD to bring long-term institutional capital into their projects.
Despite the remarkable size of China’s investment projects, the country’s leaders have so far remained relatively conservative in terms of institutional innovation.
And when it comes to the EBRD, China’s stake will be tiny, at least at first; the Chinese say they are there to learn.
This is no mere rosy scenario.
Inadequate financing means large classes, insufficient books and teaching supplies, poorly constructed schools, and aging infrastructure.
A World Bank study on language and mathematics showed that, for the same cost per pupil, private schools in the five participating countries (Colombia, the Dominican Republic, the Philippines, Tanzania, and Thailand) performed 1.2-6.7 times better than public schools in terms of student achievement.
And, as the World Bank’s International Finance Corporation (IFC) noted in 2010 “The demand for education services (in Africa) is rising at a faster rate than governments can supply.”
STRASBOURG – In the 1990’s, the world averted its eyes to genocide in Rwanda, and to the “Great Lakes War” in eastern Congo, which claimed upward of five million lives – the most in any war since World War II.
But the South gained these freedoms only in 2005, with the CPA, and only after a huge and bloody conflict.
South Sudan’s mineral wealth could also be substantial, though no one knows because exploration has been impossible for so long.
Renewed conflict could also drag in the United States (supporting the South) and China (Bashir’s key international backer) into a dangerous and potentially escalating proxy conflict of the kind that was common in Africa throughout the Cold War.
India, Iran, and the Case for Double Standards
They allege that the agreement creates a double standard, according to which only some countries may possess nuclear weapons.
This is not true of either North Korea or Iran.
The situation is made more difficult by the fact that oil prices are already at a record high, while US ground forces are busy in Iraq, thus reducing the credibility of American military threats to Iran.
India: No Longer Handcuffed to History
The dispute remained intractable, and dragged interminably through the courts.
They view the state as soft, pandering to minorities out of misplaced Westernized secularism.
The court’s decision thus is an affirmation of Indian pluralism and of the rule of law.
Basketball? No, the IPL is the newest Indian innovation revolutionizing that most staid of Victorian sports – cricket.
Today, the public’s obsession has made India into the sport’s global financial powerhouse, with advertisers and sponsors pouring unheard-of sums into the game.
Even the possibility that five tense, exciting, hotly-contested, and occasionally meandering days of cricketing could still end in a draw seems derived from ancient Indian philosophy, which accepts that in life the journey is as important as the destination.
A land divided by caste, creed, color, culture, cuisine, custom, and costume is united in consensus around a great conviction: cricket.
That not only highlights the extent to which India has become a fulcrum in global politics, but also points to the exceptional composition of the new Security Council.
Issues like sanctions on Iran, the stop-and-start Middle East peace process, and the world’s response to a likely change of leadership in North Korea, will almost certainly appear on the Council’s agenda as well.
It should emerge from the experience with its reputation and credibility as a major global player enhanced.
At first, the hostility between India and Pakistan that arose soon after partition thwarted any discussion of the issue. In 1971, though, Bangladesh’s independence from Pakistan, facilitated by India, allowed for the possibility of a solution, and a land-boundary agreement was concluded in 1974.
Even Jaitley, now India’s finance minister and a prominent cabinet member, has not expressed any opposition. And, given that Bangladesh gains the most from the settlement, both officially expanding its territory and enhancing its position relative to India, the deal should face no resistance there.
Already, Bangladesh’s Awami League government, which returned to power this year after a controversial election that was boycotted by the principal opposition party, has embraced an unprecedented level of cooperation with India on security and counter-terrorism issues.
The net result was a closer Indo-US relationship and a positive view of Bush that overrode unpopular actions such as invading Iraq.
First, India is wary that any Democratic administration will include the same proponents of nuclear nonproliferation who opposed Bush’s exemption for India.
“Iraq is yesterday’s problem,” said one advisor to an Indian audience several weeks ago.
This includes restoring ties with Europe, tightening the nuclear nonproliferation regime and possibly a restoration of China as the centerpiece of US policy in Asia.
Detractors on the right insist that the new laws will break the budget and undermine economic growth, while opponents on the left argue that they do not go far enough in covering all of India’s poor and vulnerable.
The decision to permit foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail and civil aviation has been pursued, even at the cost of losing a recalcitrant coalition ally.
For decades after independence – when Britain left the subcontinent one of the poorest and most ravaged regions on earth, with an effective growth rate of 0% over the preceding two centuries – India was seen as an impoverished land of destitute people, desperately in need of international handouts.
Concessional loans at trifling interest rates (between 0.25% and 0.75%, well below the cost of servicing the loans) are also extended as lines of credit, tied mainly to the purchase of Indian goods and services, and countries in Africa have been clamoring for them.
India has also commissioned 100 small development projects (mainly quick-gestation, small-scale social-sector projects), and pledged further funds for education, health, power, and telecommunications.
Whereas China’s omnipresence has provoked hostility in several African countries – a presidential candidate in Zambia even campaigned on an explicitly anti-Chinese platform – Indian businesses have faced no such reaction in the last two decades.

बहरहाल, भारत के लिए स्वयं को इस तरह से व्यवस्थित करना सही है। इसकी शासन प्रणाली इस विश्वास पर टिकी हुई है कि सौदेबाजी, असहमति, चिंतन, और समझौते की एकीकृत प्रक्रिया – न कि ऊपर से नीचे तक चुनौती रहित निर्णय लेने की प्रक्रिया – बुद्धिमत्तापर्ण, निष्पक्ष, और सफल नीति-निर्माण के लिए सबसे प्रभावी मार्ग है।
But the potential is far from uniform. According to a new report, more than half of India’s GDP growth between now and 2025 will come from just eight states (Gujarat, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Kerala, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, and Uttarakhand), home to just 31% of the country’s population.
Interestingly, one-third of these clusters can be found in states that have delivered low to medium economic performance, or are located close to smaller, lesser-known towns in better-performing states.
MUMBAI – The global economy’s slowdown has not spared India.
This presupposes higher investment in health care, nutrition, and sanitation, so that India’s citizens are healthy and able; education tailored to developing skills that are valued in the labor market; and the creation of jobs in firms that have an incentive to invest in training.
These bodies are especially important in providing budgetary estimates, particularly for unfunded long-term liabilities.
The most stable form of financing, foreign direct investment, has the additional benefit of bringing in new technologies and methods.
As developed countries struggle with slow growth and large debt burdens, their interest in an open global system can no longer be taken for granted.
Startlingly, the central protagonist in most of these stories is that most peaceable and innocent of animals, the cow.
To be sure, there have been plenty of other repellent stories of intolerance that have nothing to do with cows.
Where beef was legally available, it was consumed not just by Muslims and other minorities, but also by many poorer Hindus, who could not afford other kinds of meat.
Indians have generally felt free to be themselves, within their dynamic and diverse society.
Now that power is becoming a tool of the unsavory agenda pursued by the Hindu chauvinists who enabled his rise.
Until 2003, the Indian Foreign Ministry had a single Africa division; it now has three: West and Central Africa, East and Southern Africa, and West Asia and North Africa.
ONGC-Mittal Energy is keen to secure blocks with proven reserves, but also is less concerned about the fine detail of the infrastructure packages than their Asian competitors.
India should not regard Africa as simply a source of natural resources.
NEW DELHI – As the New Year dawns, it has become increasingly clear that India’s new government faces a dilemma entirely of its own making – one that its predecessor never had to confront.
In fact, Modi’s rise was followed almost immediately by a series of attacks on India’s minorities, particularly Muslims.
The education ministry abruptly withdrew German as an optional third language in government schools, and replaced it with Sanskrit.
Similarly, Reibling added, Middle Eastern investors would respond to an anti-Muslim policy by cutting India out of their portfolios.
मोदी को मतदाताओं के सामने एक कूटनीतिपूर्ण (और उदारतापूर्वक वित्तपोषित) चुनाव अभियान के ज़रिए पेश किया गया जिसमें उन्हें व्यापार की समझ रखने वाले एक ऐसे नेता के रूप में चित्रित किया गया जिसने गुजरात राज्य को विकास के मॉडल में बदल दिया था और जो पूरे देश के लिए भी यही करेगा। युवा लोगों को नौकरियों के वादे के साथ, और पुराने मतदाताओं को सुधार और विकास की संभावना के साथ आकर्षित करके, मोदी ने एक ऐसा जनादेश हासिल किया जिसे देखकर देश के जनमत सर्वेक्षक दंग रह गए। इस बीच, कांग्रेस ने अब तक का सबसे खराब प्रदर्शन किया।
इसके अलावा, निवेशकों को आकर्षित करने और औद्योगिक विकास को बढ़ावा देने के लिए श्रम बाज़ार के उदारीकरण को अब भुला दिया गया है, जबकि पहले कभी इसे अपरिहार्य माना जाता था। सुधार के बारे में आशावादी बातों का स्थान अब आधिकारिक तौर पर "क्रमिक रूप से वृद्धि" के प्रति सम्मान ने ले लिया है।
NEW DELHI – It is not often that I get to wear two hats at once.
India is less urbanized than China, and it is in the early stages of benefiting from the virtuous forces that normally accompany that process.
My visits as chairman of the AMR review also allowed me to witness some encouraging signs.
But, given that India's investment climate seems to be improving, that moment might not be too far away.
To bring India up to speed, Modi’s government announced in August a national digital initiative: 1.13 trillion rupees ($19 billion) in investment to bring broadband communications to 250,000 villages, provide universal mobile access, expand online government services, and enable online delivery of all sorts of basic services.
For India to derive the full potential of these technologies, it will need to dismantle barriers to adoption.
India or China?
The race was finally on.
In such a world, continued hassles and hiccups for Chinese exports can be confidently expected.
सिंगापुर – चीन और भारत एशिया की जनसंख्या और शहरीकरण के रुझानों का संचालन कर रहे हैं। 2010 मैकेन्ज़ी अध्ययन के अनुसार, 2005 और 2025 के बीच इस महाद्वीप की शहरी आबादी में होनेवाली वृद्धि में इन दोनों देशों का हिस्सा 62%, और दुनिया भर में होनेवाली ऐसी वृद्धि में 40% जितना अधिक होने की संभावना है।
इसके विपरीत, भारत के शहरों का बेतरतीब विकास हुआ है जिसमें कुल मिलाकर शहरी प्रणालियों के सुचारू रूप से कार्य करने पर लगभग बिल्कुल ध्यान नहीं दिया गया है। उदाहरण के लिए, देश के शहरी क्षेत्रों में अक्सर पर्याप्त क्षेत्रीय परिवहन नेटवर्क की कमी रहती है। खाली पड़े शहर के भीतर के जिलों और उपनगरीय परिधियों में अनौपचारिक बस्तियों के बड़े-बड़े निर्माण हो रहे हैं जिनसे पर्यावरण की स्थितियों, सार्वजनिक स्वास्थ्य, और निजी सुरक्षा पर बुरा असर पड़ता है। भूमि उपयोग के स्वरूपों में औद्योगिक और आवासीय जिले मिले-जुले रूप में होते हैं, जिससे असुरक्षित (और बढ़ती हुई) आबादियों पर अनेक दुष्प्रभाव पड़ते हैं।



प्रभु के वादों में रेल लाइनों का सुधार और विस्तार करना, रेलवे स्टेशनों पर वायरलेस इंटरनेट शुरू करना, मानव-रहित लेवल क्रॉसिंग समाप्त करना, फोन पर शिकायत करने के लिए उपयोगकर्ताओं के लिए 24-घंटे टोल-फ्री नंबर तैयार करना, और महिला यात्रियों की रक्षा के लिए सुरक्षा कैमरे स्थापित करना शामिल हैं। उनके आलोचकों को ये सुधार काफी हद तक मामूली लगते हैं, और इनसे उनके अपने साथी सांसद बिल्कुल भी प्रभावित नहीं हुए हैं।
But putting in place an effective regulatory and enforcement infrastructure can be equally important, especially in areas where consumers have difficulty assessing the value of products and the risks they can pose.
For example, American, European, Japanese, and other drug regulators have developed guidelines, through the International Conference on Harmonization, that take advantage of their collective expertise.
The country made the safe acceleration of the approval process a high priority, and tremendous progress has followed.
It will require significant resources, and the process risks angering domestic companies that have become accustomed to a lack of regulatory oversight.
That reception was, of course, intended to nurture India’s collective ego, which had sensed a Sino-centric tilt to American policy ever since Obama became president.
The great diplomatic success of George W. Bush’s presidency (and maybe the only true one) was to construct a strategic partnership with India.
The time has come for India to recognize that with power comes responsibility, and to act like the indispensable nation for regional and world security that it has become.
But this debate misses a crucial point: the hypermarket model is itself under serious threat everywhere from online shopping.
For small shopkeepers, this poses both a challenge and an opportunity.
So India’s political debate over the entry of foreign retailers into the market, while heated, is probably already outdated.
It is likely that this operation was propelled from Pakistan through the Lashkar e Tauba, a terrorist organization sustained by hatred of secular India and backed by shadowy Pakistani agencies and street support.
It understands that you cannot blame the whole community for the sins of a few.
I am frustrated by the impotence of my government in Mumbai and Delhi, tone-deaf to the anguish of my fellow citizens.
Few countries are as dependent on the Persian Gulf region’s hydrocarbons as is India, which imports almost 80% of its consumption.
It was the Northern Alliance, backed by India, Iran, and Russia, that overthrew the Taliban regime in Kabul in late 2001 with the help of America’s air war.
But, far from being able to play the role of bridge-builder between the US and Iran, India is being forced to walk a policy tightrope, and its desire to chart a neutral course has annoyed both sides.
Throughout the Cold War, the world’s oldest democracy and its largest were essentially estranged.
Tempers cooled soon enough, but India was always regarded as tilting toward the Kremlin, hardly a recommendation for warm relations in American eyes.
But Obama – who had displayed a photograph of Mahatma Gandhi in his Senate office, carried a locket of the Hindu god Hanuman, and spoke often of his desire to build a “close strategic partnership” with India –struck the right symbolic chords in New Delhi and won over the fractious parliament.
India\u0027s Bollywood Power
It’s considered directly responsible for a spike in the sale of generator sets and even for absences from religious functions which clash with its broadcast times.
When a bhangra beat is infused into a Western pop record or an Indian choreographer invents a fusion of kathak and ballet; when Indian women sweep the Miss World and Miss Universe contests, or when “Monsoon Wedding” wows the critics and “Lagaan” claims an Oscar nomination; when Indian writers win the Booker or Pulitzer Prizes, India’s soft power is enhanced.
India’s Burma Dilemma
For 45 years, Myanmar’s people have been subjected to the junta’s reign of terror.
China balks at interfering in the “internal affairs” of a neighbor from whom it gets precious natural gas and potential access to the sea.
But the credibility of all democratic regimes, not just India’s, is at stake in what unfolds in Myanmar.
Indian information technology firms have opened offices in Shanghai, and Infosys’s headquarters in Bangalore recruited nine Chinese this year.
He is the most recognized worldwide symbol of a country that he has not seen for nearly five decades.
The opposition Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP, which led the previous government) has criticized the current administration for not “expressing concern over the use of force by the Chinese government” and instead “adopting a policy of appeasement towards China with scant regard to the country’s national honor and foreign policy independence.”
Yet, six decades later, the India that emerged from the wreckage of the British Raj is the world’s largest democracy, poised after years of rapid economic growth to take its place as one of the giants of the twenty-first century.
Despite many stresses and strains, India has a remained a freewheeling multi-party democracy – corrupt and inefficient, perhaps, but nonetheless flourishing.
For example, India permits all religions to flourish while ensuring that none is privileged by the state.
More generally, the logic of the electoral marketplace means that no single communal identity can dominate others.
Instead, the ruling Shiromani Akali Dal won convincingly.
But India takes electoral convulsions in its stride, and the results triggered no turmoil in financial markets.
By contrast, India strikes many as maddening, chaotic, divided, and seemingly directionless as it muddles its way through the second decade of the twenty-first century.
The reason that India, despite predictions of its imminent disintegration, has survived the stresses that have beset it during more than six decades of independence, is that it has maintained a consensus on how to manage without consensus.
They were in India to affirm their claim to it.
But both sets of fourth-wave migrants remain closely connected to their motherland.
But we should not get carried away: overseas Indians still invest a lower proportion of their resources in India than overseas Chinese do in China.
Reform has stalled amid profound political paralysis.
Rajan is a superstar academic researcher, a brilliant writer on political economy, and a former chief economist for the IMF.
True, India’s government must now consider growing threats to the country’s investment-grade credit rating.
Of course, India’s democratic government cannot simply bulldoze through people and the environment to create infrastructure.
But a series of scandals, some involving billions of dollars, has now seriously undermined that elite’s standing in the eyes of the Indian public.
The old aristocracy not only dominated the House of Lords, but also used its influence to get relatives, friends, and family retainers elected to the House of Commons by exploiting a key institutional weakness – the existence of “rotten boroughs” that could be bought and sold.
For Britain and the US, the transition in the nature of the governing elite was relatively smooth.
Still, as the recent controversy over the Nobel Peace Prize demonstrated, the government remains nervous about any dissent that challenges the legitimacy of the ruling elite.
As we know from Nazi Germany and other cases, such movements do not always lead to a happy outcome.
For all the attention that India’s retail revolution, information technology prowess, and booming manufacturing sectors have garnered in recent years, agriculture, on which 70% of the population still directly depends, is in crisis.
The new budget, recognizing the country’s acute water crisis, also calls for more money to expand irrigation.
But the strategy of embracing “poor-friendly” policies that deliver little real relief could backfire.
Indian companies have long recognized the opportunities in meeting previously overlooked demand at the “bottom of the pyramid.”
That’s jugaad.
Given that some five million Indians die of cardiovascular diseases every year, more than a quarter of them under 65, and that about two million die from drinking contaminated water, these innovations’ value is apparent.
The initial reviews are good.
NEW DELHI – Every year, during India’s rainy season, there is, equally predictably, a “monsoon session” of Parliament.
After a few more ineffectual minutes of trying to be heard above the din, the Speaker adjourned Parliament again.
Many of India’s new MPs – several of whom had been educated in England and observed British parliamentary traditions with admiration – reveled in the authenticity of their ways.
One of my abiding recollections from childhood was the photograph of a burly Socialist parliamentarian, Raj Narain, a former wrestler, being bodily carried out of the House by four sergeants-at-arms for shouting out of turn and disobeying the Speaker’s orders to return to his seat.
We need look no further than the temple of Indian democracy to see it in action.
Most of India’s major news outlets highlighted in their coverage of the story charges of corruption and ineptitude.
So President Patil has large shoes to fill. One can only hope that she will prove her critics wrong.
Like the American revolutionaries of two centuries ago, Indian nationalists fought for “the rights of Englishmen,” which they thought the replication of the Houses of Parliament would both epitomize and guarantee.
In 2010, an entire parliamentary session was lost when the BJP held it hostage to the party’s demand that government establish an investigative committee to inquire into an alleged act of corruption.
The result is that the vast majority of the public has lost respect for the “temple of democracy,” as the parliament is known.
India is now becoming divided in much the same way, and for much the same reason – the emerging system of “reserved places” aimed at redressing centuries of caste discrimination.
In addition, 76.2% of schools do not have clean drinking water, while 14.6% lack electricity.
It also happens to be the least expensive and most cost-effective support that government can provide.
India’s government has, no surprise, joined the rest of the world in calling for an end to the military action, but its criticism of Israel has been muted.
Whereas Israel notoriously exacts grim retribution for every attack on its soil, India has endured with numbing stoicism an endless series of bomb blasts, including at least six major assaults in different locations in 2008 alone.
When India’s embassy in Kabul was hit by a suicide bomber last July, American intelligence sources revealed that not only was Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence behind the attack, but that it made little effort to cover its tracks.
Every now and then, particularly before elections, caste groups demand to be placed on the list of “other backwards classes” (OBC’s), in order to benefit from these reservations.
The huge mass of evidence available in the censuses and land revenue settlement reports of the period from 1901 to 1931 lies ignored.
Thus, the economic status of households varied a great deal within each caste.
In some regions – Uttar Pradesh, Bombay (Maharashtra and Gujarat), and the Telugu speaking areas of Madras (Andhra Pradesh) – the lowest economic positions were occupied by some “backward” castes, not by untouchables.
But it is hypocritical to argue that this does anything to eliminate poverty.
Singh will open up India’s economy even more than he has so far.
Yet India continues to face many challenges: nearly 300 million people living in poverty, the spreading Naxalite insurgency, the danger of terrorist attacks ala Mumbai, and sprawling urban slums.
But the significance should not be missed.
But these instincts can be bolstered by wise long-term policies.
In short, the re-election of the Singh government has made the world a less dangerous place and has opened up many political opportunities.
While several provincial satraps have been cut down to size, new, aspiring ones have garnered significant support.
Increasing corruption within governments run by the Congress party, which led India to independence and monopolized political power for decades, showed what a lucrative career politics had become.
Like existing castes, the new caste specializes in one occupation: political office.
It rewards ambition, promotes office-at-any-cost politics, and devalues merit.
Instead, relations have been strained by the continuing refusal of Australia’s Labour Party government to sell uranium to energy-starved India for its civilian nuclear program.
Pakistan’s willingness to allow its territory to be used for attacks against India, like the assault on Mumbai in November 2008, inevitably carries the risk of sparking a larger conflagration, and its refusal to sign a “no first-strike” agreement with India is a serious cause for concern.
NEW DELHI – As the world awaits the Beijing Olympics, many wonder whether China’s grand coming-out party will also mark the occasion when it wrests dominance of the medal tally from the United States.
Our cricketers have come close to being considered the best in the world, but cricket is not an Olympic sport.
The explanations range from the anthropological to the borderline racist: Indians don’t have the genes, the build, the stamina, the climate, whatever. There are structural and infrastructural explanations: lack of training facilities, gymnasiums, running tracks, equipment, financial resources.
And if Indians can be better than white and black sportsmen on the cricket field, why can’t they beat them in an Olympic stadium?
For India’s nationalist leaders, this meant that every foreigner with a briefcase should be viewed as the thin edge of a neo-imperial wedge.
Indian-style socialism was a compound of nationalism and idealism.
Since then, India has become a poster child for globalization.
Three different coalitions have led India’s government since 1991, including one (from 1996 to 1998) that included Communists, and none has departed from the new “New Delhi” consensus.
Several controversial provisions included in the government’s last budget are being reviewed.
India’s growth has slipped, while his government has been consumed by one corruption scandal after another.
The Congress can rightly take credit for the most far-reaching such program, the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, which assures one member in every poor rural family 100 days per year of paid employment.
The prime minister who has done the most to make this possible has returned to the charge, clearly determined to consolidate his legacy after a spate of bad-news stories.
Populist policies that transfer scarce budget funds to hundreds of millions of rural men and women end up encouraging them to withdraw their labor services, driving up wages and undermining international competitiveness.
One key to India’s economic success is a large population of technically educated entrepreneurs, who are creating new companies and building a modern middle class.
One sign of progress is that a new cabinet committee, chaired by Singh, will review large private investment projects that have been held up by regulatory issues or other legal barriers.
But I am betting that India is rising again: millions more will be lifted out of poverty in the coming years, while the increasingly prosperous Indian middle class will expand further.
Contrary to China, India finds it difficult to adapt to its status as an emerging “Great Power.”
But India does not seem to know how to deal with its northwestern neighbor, and even less whom to deal with in its government.
What prevails nowadays in New Delhi and Moscow is simple pragmatism.
MUMBAI – Every day, a small Japanese jet brings another 60 businessmen from Tokyo to sniff out new commercial opportunities in Mumbai and the heart of the Indian economy.
The grand old Taj deserves all the business it is getting, after being the target of a terrorist attack in 2008.
They do not expect much from the state and are not surprised when it fails to deliver.
In many rich OECD countries, the financial crisis and recession have made government intervention popular again.
First, as India’s middle class expands, more must be done to ensure that economic growth is inclusive.
Yet it is also home to 300 million of the world's poorest people.
Chidambaram's 2004/2005 budget puts those fears to rest.
There are an estimated 600,000 villages in this vast country of one billion citizens.
But even India, with its growing economy, cannot afford to make these investments out of national resources.
Indeed, the government says that the growth rate will hit double figures soon.
If it is not used now, it will dissipate.
Raising farm productivity and income requires improved irrigation, wasteland reclamation, warehousing, marketing, transport development, and the free movement of produce within the country.
It is not the amount of money allocated by government that matters.
PARIS – When it comes to compensation, the company you work for often matters more than how good you are at what you do.
But even in advanced economies, where social protection is broad in scope, access to benefits is far from equal.
But it should ensure that all participants in the labor force, whatever their status, enjoy equal access to essential benefits; and it should aim at minimizing the losses that impede mobility across firms, sectors, and types of employment.
Points earned could be spent on lifelong education and professional training, which would thus become independent from employment status.
Employees nowadays are often lost in the complexity of the various social benefits to which they are entitled.
MANILA – Every year, forest fires ravage Indonesia, causing massive environmental, social, and economic devastation.
And, like coal, peat stores massive amounts of carbon, which is released into the atmosphere when the land is burned, cleared, and drained to make way for plantations.
To build on this, consumers and markets also need to send signals to companies that directly or indirectly support slash-and-burn farming.
Indonesia’s Democratic Islam
Indeed, Syafi’i Ma’arif, the former chair of Muhammadiyah, has made pluralist arguments, grounded in the Koran, against blind obedience to Islamic classical jurisprudence.
In one particularly absurd case, a group of Muslim feminists who wrote a book promoting women’s rights based on Koranic exegesis had to publish their work in secret, because it included arguments for women’s reproductive rights and a small percentage of the group’s funding came from a foundation that had received money from USAID.
But that is difficult to do.

Today, however, many of those Chinese have returned.
Some credit the 2004 tsunami, which killed hundreds of thousands of Acehnese, for this breakthrough.
These punitive policies are self-defeating.
Organizers of Bali’s renowned Ubud Writers and Readers Festival have just had a foretaste of what may be a new round of active censorship, with local officials threatening to cancel the entire festival if proposed panel discussions of the massacres went ahead.
The following evening, Major General – later President – Suharto led a successful counter-coup.
Things may, however, be starting to change, especially following the release three years ago of Joshua Oppenheimer’s extraordinary documentary film, The Act of Killing.
This is true not only of China, Singapore, France, and Brazil – countries usually associated with such policies – but also for the United Kingdom, Germany, Chile, and the United States, whose industrial policies are often less explicit.
These pervasive failures appear to be due mostly to governments’ inability to align their efforts with their country’s resource base and level of development.
If domesticprivate firms in these sectors are already present, policymakers should identify and remove constraints on those firms’ technological upgrading or on entry by other firms.
PALO ALTO – One of the worst responses by officials to the financial crisis and deep recession has been to revive “industrial policy.”
Because private investors are unable to appropriate the returns, private markets invest too little in basic science.
In the 1980’s, advocates of industrial policy praised its extensive use in Japan.
Government should set general goals for energy and the environment and then let entrepreneurs, investors, and consumers decide how best to achieve them.
Much the same is true within countries.
Is that the choice we have to make then: freedom or equality?
Another difficult question is how the basic status is to be guaranteed.
Nevertheless, while a free society recognizes limits to inequality, it also accepts that inequality exists, for it provides hope for many by showing what one might achieve with ability and luck – or perhaps even luck alone.
So India must “take steps that reduce social and economic inequalities, without hurting the process of growth and without reducing the incentives for individual enterprise and creativity.”
Nevertheless, one wonders why the evidence that inequality causes social unrest is not stronger.
An article by Ernst Fehr at the University of Zurich and Alexander Klein and Klaus Schmidt at the University of Munich in the January 2007 issue of the journal Econometrica shows how people design economic relationships based on their knowledge of the circumstances in which people are trustworthy.
In such cases, inequality may be perceived more intensely, for people may link it with the loss of good will.
The insight (obvious in retrospect) underlying Airbnb’s model – and the burgeoning sharing economy in general – is that the world is replete with under-utilized assets and resources.
Second, the platform must create trust – in the product or the service – on both sides of the transaction.
The McKinsey Global Institute has recently studied internet-based approaches to the labor market and the challenge of matching demand for talent and skills with supply.
Clearly, issues relating to liability and insurance will have to be addressed in all sharing-economy models, especially financial ones; but these are hardly insurmountable obstacles.
But in 2003, following five years of deflation, China’s economy entered a new phase.
The central bank (PBOC) initially attributed it to excess liquidity, and so began to use monetary policy tools, raising interest rates five times since late 2007.
As a result, with investment demand remaining robust, inflation could spread.
CAMBRIDGE – It is time for the world’s major central banks to acknowledge that a sudden burst of moderate inflation would be extremely helpful in unwinding today’s epic debt morass.
But right now, the global economy is teetering on the precipice of disaster.
As the recession deepens, however, bank balance sheets will be hammered further by a wave of defaults in commercial real estate, credit cards, private equity, and hedge funds.
Indeed, it seems like avoiding sustained deflation , or falling prices, is all they can manage.
CAMBRIDGE – The investors that I talk to these days are not sure whether to worry more about future inflation in the United States or about future deflation.
But such a strategy can work only in countries where the duration of the government’s debt is long and the interest rate on that debt is fixed.
The other broad components of the consumer price index have increased in recent months, and the consumer price index is up about two percentage points over the past 12 months.
The Deflation Bogeyman
They are doing this by promising to keep short-term rates low; maintaining large portfolios of private and government bonds; and, in Europe and Japan, continuing to engage in large-scale asset purchases.
But Japan has experienced a low rate of inflation and some sustained short periods of deflation without ever producing a downward price spiral.
The result has been a massive mispricing of financial assets.
As pro-democracy protests shake Arab authoritarian regimes, the prospect of sustained conflict threatens a global economy still dependent on oil, while the aftermath of the Japanese earthquake and nuclear accident raises doubts about the security of nuclear energy.
The debate in the 1970’s – the period of the last general inflationary surge – has become relevant again.
And they produce an economic basis for discontent – which played at least some part in triggering the protests of the “Arab Spring.”
As the statistical manipulation that attends uncertainty increases, confidence is eroded.
If, instead of “Arab Spring,” we had spoken of “Arab revolutions,” we might have had more realistic expectations.
Today, however, a much larger part of the population, both within and among countries, has access to the power that comes from information.
Individuals and private organizations – including WikiLeaks, multinational corporations, NGOs, terrorists, or spontaneous social movements – have been empowered to play a direct role.
In other words, some aspects of the information revolution help the small, but some help the already large and powerful.
LONDON – Is it acceptable for doctors to withhold information from their patients? Some claim that it is not only acceptable; it is desirable.
The junior doctor, uncomfortable with this deceit, asked the minister’s wife for permission to tell the truth, and after much hesitation, she agreed.
One problem is that doctors receive little formal training in obtaining consent, with medical schools teaching only the basics.
She was just a few feet away from a hysterectomy.
We can ask the doctor what she would do in our position, or what advice she would give if the patient was her own child or parent.
विश्व बैंक पहले ही एक दशक के भीतर बुनियादी ढाँचा परियोजनाओं का विस्तार करके अपने ऋण को दोगुना करना चाह रहा है। इसकी नई वैश्विक बुनियादी ढाँचा सुविधा (GIF) विशिष्ट परिसंपत्ति वर्ग के रूप में बुनियादी ढाँचे में निवेश करने के लिए वैश्विक पेंशन और श्रेष्ठ संपदा निधियों को जुटाएगा।
यह ख़ास तौर से ऊर्जा, जल, परिवहन, और सूचना और संचार प्रौद्योगिकी (ICT) में बुनियादी ढाँचे में निवेश के मामले में होता है। उदाहरण के लिए, अफ़्रीका में बुनियादी ढाँचा विकास के लिए कार्यक्रम में 2040 तक इन क्षेत्रों में $360 बिलियन मूल्य की "विश्वसनीय विशाल-परियोजनाओं" की योजना बनाई गई है। खनन कार्य और तेल और गैस पाइपलाइनों के समर्थन के लिए PIDA सौर, पवन, और भूतापीय जैसी अक्षय ऊर्जा प्रौद्योगिकियों को दरकिनार करते हुए, ऊर्जा (ख़ास तौर से जल-विद्युत) परियोजनाओं को प्राथमिकता देता है। इसी तरह की चिंताएँ एशिया में दक्षिण अमेरिका में क्षेत्रीय बुनियादी ढाँचे के एकीकरण की पहल और आसियान बुनियादी ढाँचा निधि की परियोजना "पाइपलाइन" के मामले में भी हैं।
SINGAPORE – Infrastructure projects can be among the most productive investments a society can make, with clear links to a country's economic growth.
In order to overcome the obstacles to investment, we propose the creation of an asset class that we call “buy-and-hold equity" (BHE).
Ideally, the investment platform would create a sustained project pipeline by establishing a private-sector-funded structure that does not solely rely on governments or international financial institutions to bring ventures to the market.
We have also learned that only 20-40% of the breast cancers that cluster in families come from BRCA1 or BRCA2 germline mutations – genetic alterations that are present from birth in every cell of the body and can be transmitted to the offspring.
Several national networks and consortia have already developed models for estimating the breast cancer risk in women with a positive family history.
Last, but not least, criteria have to be established to define when and to whom genetic testing should be offered.
But when the time comes to pay for the ride, you may feel like you are in Boston, Luxemburg, or Zurich: the value of the Brazilian real, like the currencies of many emerging-market countries, is high – and could go higher.
For a decade now, the world economy has suffered from tremendous global imbalances: massive external surpluses in countries like China, Japan, Germany, Switzerland, and the oil producers, matched by equally large external deficits in the US, the United Kingdom, Spain, and others.
Europe, gripped by a tremendous banking and debt crisis, is not an attractive destination, and loose monetary policy in the US has produced ultra-low bond yields there.
Massive capital inflows caused real-estate and stock-market bubbles in the US and parts of Europe.
All we can look forward to is the next G-20 communiqué.
In brief, innovation will only truly take off with the understanding that the world is rapidly changing, extremely dynamic and volatile, and that the future is unpredictable.
Theories are never certain and must always be prepared for an uncertain future.
Developed-country governments scramble to subsidize technology that could be the Next Big Thing.
Companies that depend solely on their products’ commercial appeal are limited in the kinds of innovations that they can safely introduce, because if one of their products fails in the marketplace, they may not survive to build another one.
Because of the reward structure, these efforts could be coordinated, rather than pursued in isolation.
But there is little risk in offering a contract for a job well done: there is no payout if the problem remains unsolved.
The economic planners and policymakers who are chasing Silicon Valley’s taillights are learning that they cannot always replicate the entrepreneurial culture and finance mechanisms that flourish there now.
Most of these private securities were sold to oil-exporting countries and Europe, in particular Germany, Britain, the Benelux countries, Switzerland, and Ireland.
The propaganda was successful. Even in 2008, the US was able to attract net capital inflows of $808 billion.
The authors therefore called the process of constructing CDOs “alchemy,” the art of turning lead into gold.
The US will have to reinvent its system of mortgage finance in order to escape the socialist trap into which it has fallen.
JOHANNESBURG – Nowadays, Africa’s economic potential – and the business opportunities that go with it – is widely acknowledged.
But, throughout the continent, market opportunities for consumer-facing companies are concentrated more in cities than in particular countries.
And half of all respondents claim to make daily sacrifices to save for major expenditures.
At higher levels of income, markets become saturated and growth slows.
They are more than twice as likely to search for information online and to seek products and stores that reflect the “right image.”
Mixed signals from competing power centers don’t help; nor does the recurring contrast between Iranian officials’ usually-strident public pronouncements and often-moderate private discourse.
Second, it is well understood that there is zero tolerance in Russia and China for an Iranian bomb, and all the rope that that these powers have so far given Iran in the Security Council will run out if Iran weaponizes.
And it is not without plausibility: Iran did not, after all, respond in kind when it was bombarded with chemical weapons by Iraq.
LEEDS – Thailand’s former prime minister, Chavalit Yongchaiyudh, recently ignited a furor when he proposed that the separatist campaign in his country’s Muslim-majority southern provinces might be solved politically, with a form of self-rule.
According to counter-insurgency expert David Kilcullen, the violence in Thailand’s deep South – which has now claimed more than 3,500 lives – was some of the most intense in the world between 2004 and 2007, “second only to Iraq and Afghanistan during this period.”
Again, reporting such a messy story is a challenge; most Western news editors have preferred to highlight Iraq and Afghanistan.
Few of them seriously believe that a tiny separate Patani state, wedged between Thailand and Malaysia, would be viable.
To the east lie Iraq and Iran.
Indeed, Turkey lacks its neighbors’ oil and gas resources, but it compensates for this with the competitiveness of its industry and services.
To its credit, Turkey has begun to invest heavily in sustainable technologies.
Turkey has been deft in seizing these new opportunities, with exports increasingly headed south and east to the emerging economies, rather than west to high-income markets.
No doubt, Turkey’s ability to continue on a rapid growth trajectory remains uncertain.
Everyone wants economic stability, and many are reluctant to abandon today what gave them stability yesterday.
If a considerable fraction of the world economy wants to run a current-account surplus (by 2006, this included much of emerging Asia, most oil exporters, and Japan), an equal share of the world economy must run a deficit.
Yet the pattern of exchange-rate movements in the rest of the world has been largely unrelated to existing current-account positions. In fact, currencies of surplus countries with heavily managed exchange rates have actually depreciated in real effective terms since the summer, creating inflationary pressure and frustrating global adjustment.
The risks to global growth will increase as long as adjustment remains uneven.
One can debate whether a referendum is the most appropriate vehicle for asking for their consent, but ask one must.
It is normal for conservatives to argue for less government and to place greater trust in free markets, and for social democrats and greens to argue for public policies that deliver less income inequality, more public goods (such as a clean environment and public transport), and more regulation to help markets function with greater stability and distribute benefits more evenly.
And yet Cameron is right to believe that not all EU members will want or be able to be part of a more integrated eurozone.
Many details would have to be worked out. But this may be a vision that gives Europe a chance to remain big and inclusive, while retaining the politically integrated core that the eurozone needs.
In a study presented in early May at America’s National Bureau of Economic Research, the economists Dwight Jaffee, Howard Kunreuther, and Erwann Michel-Kerjan called for a fundamental change in policy aimed at developing true long-term insurance (LTI) that set insurance premiums for many years.
Meteorology is not an exact science, and we cannot predict the precise extent and impact of environmental initiatives, though progress in weather forecasting might also reduce the damage caused by hurricanes.
But trying to address these risks by limiting such increases doesn’t work well, because if insurance companies are not making any money, they will withdraw from the market.
In areas where scientists think that there is a likelihood that greater risks will prevail in coming years, high insurance premiums would provide a market incentive to curtail development.
Although these booms were initially financed by domestic capital, they soon became dependent on foreign capital, which flowed into their economies as advanced-country central banks pumped huge amounts of liquidity into financial markets.
But, unsurprisingly, they did not; rather, they succumbed to the notion that unprecedentedly high rates of GDP growth were the new normal.
The difference is that China has implemented structural – and thus longer-lasting – credit-based policies, while other emerging economies have been drawn into a cyclical lending binge.
So it is important to consider the causes of underinsurance and whether our insurance institutions are adequate to the risks that we face.
Insurance policies that clearly specify the amounts that will be paid and the types of damage that will be covered are far better than the government-administered, after-the-fact bailout that many people seem to have expected.
If it were fully implemented, which is unlikely, it would constitute a revolution in risk management in the US similar to that of the creation of Social Security in 1934.
The total value of outstanding cat bonds is small by Katrina standards.
Indeed, the Arab Union estimates that the lack of regional integration costs each country two percentage points of annual GDP growth, while the African Economic Commission reckons that if a Maghreb Union existed, the five countries would each gain 5% of GDP.
Regional integration could contribute to higher growth in two ways.
Nothing highlights the benefits of regional integration as starkly as major infrastructure projects that are of common interest to several countries.
Intellectual-Property Rights and Wrongs
The growth of the “open source” movement on the Internet shows that not just the most basic ideas, but even products of enormous immediate commercial value can be produced without intellectual property protection.
Moreover, so-called “patent thickets” – the fear that some advance will tread on pre-existing patents, of which the innovator may not even be aware – may also discourage innovation. After the pioneering work of the Wright brothers and the Curtis brothers, overlapping patent claims thwarted the development of the airplane, until the United States government finally forced a patent pool as World War I loomed.
If they had, would they have willingly condemned thousands of AIDS sufferers to death because they might no longer be able to get affordable generic drugs? Had the question been posed in this way to parliaments around the world, I believe that TRIP’s would have been soundly rejected.
And yet, despite numerous attempts to create one, there is no global legal body leading the fight against terrorism. It is time for that to change.
It would have a prosecutor and a reasonable number of judges, nominated with a view to balanced representation of the world’s principal legal systems and geographical regions, and to gender equity.
I chaired a panel on cyber peace and security that included a Microsoft vice president and two foreign ministers.
In little more than a generation, the Internet has become the substrate of the global economy and governance worldwide.
The highest costs currently stem from espionage and crime, but the other two may become greater threats over the next decade than they are today.
Limiting all intrusions would be impossible, but one could start with cyber crime and cyber terrorism.
International norms tend to develop slowly.
Similarly, the Japanese came to regret the appreciated yen after the Plaza Accord succeeded in bringing down an overvalued dollar.
This concern has been reflected, for example, in complaints about intervention by China and other emerging markets to prevent currency appreciation.
They view budget deficits as creating negative spillover effects for neighbors, owing, for example, to the moral hazard of bailouts.
Exchanges of views might help narrow differences in perceptions.
CAIRO – In one of his last essays, the late, great historian Tony Judt asked what we should have learned from the last century, a period in which so many soldiers and civilians died in conflict.
I was attempting to explain why the rule of law mattered so much to the territory's future, and I noted that when I was in the British government, the law applied to me just as much as to those I helped govern.
Indeed, he has made it a regular feature of Russian foreign policy, which is characterized by deceit, bullying, violence, and the desire to restore the empire that was dismembered after the collapse of communism.
Those US politicians who regard international institutions as anti-American conspiracies are continuing the harm, costing their country much of its moral authority.
WARSAW – Russia-instigated violence has returned to Ukraine.
Against this background, it will undoubtedly be extremely difficult to create an international order that strikes the needed balance between legitimacy and power. To meet this challenge, three potential approaches stand out.
Still, the recognition of China as a true global power would force the US to come to terms with its declining hegemony and compel China’s leaders to recognize their international responsibilities.
NEW YORK – When it comes to funding development, taxes are perhaps the most critical piece of the puzzle.
Indeed, the International Monetary Fund recently reported that developing countries lose three times more of their corporate-tax revenue to BEPS activities than their developed counterparts.
A first step toward achieving these objectives would be the establishment of an intergovernmental body with the mandate and resources to push through much-needed tax reform, while promoting stronger tax cooperation among governments.
Inequality and the Internet
Unless the benefits from information-age goods and services greatly outstrip what we spend on them, the wellbeing they provide will have already been accounted for.
Put in economic terms, that is an extra rise of 0.6% per year in standards of living since 1990, a far larger increase than the 0.2% per year that reliance on conventional measures would lead us to conclude.
OXFORD – Over the last decade, the number of new Internet users tripled.
Finally, women comprise 52% of the offline population and only 42% of the online population.
The lack of relevant local-language content may also limit use.
Nearly half of the world’s offline population lives in ten countries that face a significant struggle to overcome all four barriers.
Doing so would create considerable potential for economic growth.
This massive transition will transform how citizens interact with their governments, revolutionize entire industries, and change the way we engage with one another. In Europe, the Internet of Everything is emerging as the single most promising way to revive a moribund economy and tackle the continent's stubborn unemployment problem, with companies, cities, and even countries positioning themselves as leaders in innovation, growth, and the creation of jobs.
Many countries are doing just that, implying that the next game-changing technology may not come from Silicon Valley; it could just as easily be developed in a lab in Paris, London, or Berlin.
As Europe charts its economic course for the next decade, its leaders must ensure that digital transformation forms the foundation of their strategy. This will allow them to create a Europe that is stronger, faster, more dynamic – and more digital.
President Bush cited seeming huge job growth in the last 13 months, claiming that America's labor market turned the corner.
True, the economy was slowing when Bush took office, but he also inherited an enormous fiscal surplus, amounting to 2% of GDP, which he transformed into a yawning deficit, equaling 4.5% of GDP.
Critics warned that the war would cause instability in Iraq and the Middle East, and that this would lead to high oil prices.
The second threat to economic recovery is high oil prices.
Without grasping what has gone wrong in either area, it will be difficult to avoid repeating the same mistakes.
Emerging-market central banks diversified out of dollars and into gold.
China’s economy continues to soften; India’s growth rate is down sharply from a few years ago.
If you are a high-net-worth investor, or a sovereign wealth fund, it makes perfect sense to hold a small percentage of your assets in gold as a hedge against extreme events.
Ignoring the fact that bread in Babylon was probably healthier than today’s highly refined product, the price of gold today is not so different, equal to perhaps 600 loaves of bread.
जाहिर तौर पर, मध्य पूर्व में पश्चिमी हस्तक्षेप कोई नई घटना नहीं है। ईरान, मिस्र और तुर्की के अपवादों को छोड़कर, मध्य पूर्व में हर प्रमुख शक्ति मुख्य रूप से ब्रिटिश और फ्रेंच द्वारा बनाया गया एक आधुनिक निर्माण है। 2001 के बाद से अफगानिस्तान और इराक में संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका के नेतृत्व वाले हस्तक्षेप पश्चिमी शक्तियों द्वारा क्षेत्र की भू-राजनीति को ठीक करने के लिए किए गए अभी हाल के प्रयास को दर्शाते हैं।


We went to mass at midnight.
Sometimes, the symbols of the event become very confused.
It certainly should not, although we can recall terrible periods of Christian intolerance and bigotry.
Destroy that and you destroy the hallmarks of liberal order.
As the Irish comedian Dave Allen used to say, “May your God go with you.”
For example, an endowment or pension fund might consider basing its payout decisions more on long-run, potential shock-adjusted average returns than on a simple weighted average of past returns or end-period asset values (the normal practice now).
Put another way, when returns seem abnormally high for an extended period, they probably are, and something – even if we don’t know in advance what – is likely to bring them down.
But there are two other aspects of liquidity management that deserve attention.
DALLAS – As rising consumption and nationalism in OPEC countries pushes down their crude-oil exports and forces international oil companies to invest in high-cost areas with small reserves as global demand continues to grow, oil prices might ultimately shatter the record set in 2008.
Second, the difference between actual output and what the markets expected magnified the impact of falling production.
Looking forward, in the short run, speculators will continue to fuel oil-price volatility as bullish and bearish factors steer them one way or the other.
Inviting the Avoidable
So the BIS proposes nothing new or particularly attention-grabbing.
Treasury Secretary John Snow has spent almost no public time on the budget, but a lot of public time on China. Republican political operatives care far less about national savings than they do about manufacturing-sector job losses.
Sanctions, of course, have a dismal historical record in achieving their aims.
American attitudes toward Iran are probably far more conditioned by that episode than people realize.
While most of the world may have missed it, there is an ongoing competition between Iraq’s Najaf and Iran’s Qom over which city is holier.
This would not be an easy process, and could well meet considerable Iranian resistance.
They need to convey through their own bilateral approaches to Iran a sense of urgency – and perhaps even express a little anger – at Iran’s unwillingness to negotiate seriously.
This combination of hegemonic aspirations, questioning of the regional status quo, and a nuclear program is extremely dangerous.
Nor, however, is the debate about the military option – the destruction of Iran’s nuclear program through US air strikes – conducive to resolving the issue.
Indeed, the two other options – Iran’s emergence as a nuclear power or the use of military force to prevent this – would, in addition to all of its horrible consequences, also increase oil and gas prices.
But such an initiative can succeed only if the American administration assumes leadership among the Western nations and sits down at the negotiating table with Iran.
Under Khamenei’s leadership, an unholy trinity of nouveau-riche Revolutionary Guardsmen, hard-line clergymen, and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power.
If the Green Movement is to mount a serious challenge to the government it must incorporate support from bazaar merchants, workers in major industries, transportation unions, and government workers.
The second challenge for the US is to champion human rights and democracy in Iran without compromising the independence of opposition forces.
Iran’s theocratic mullahs allowed the election of Hassan Rowhani, a man who announced in his first speech as President-elect that his victory is “the victory of wisdom, moderation, and awareness over fanaticism and bad behavior.”
He toured Egypt, Tunisia, and Libya in September 2011 and received a hero’s welcome.
Khamenei and his fellow guardians of Iran’s Islamic revolution were able to weather the 2009 storm, but their façade of legitimate power was collapsing.
But enough for what?
To be sure, we do not know the degree, direction, or pace of change.
Moreover, while a preventive strike would delay Iran’s nuclear efforts, it would not stop the regime from rebuilding, and it might also create conditions that cause problems for the regime’s domestic opponents.
It is not difficult, however, to determine which one is preferable.
The nature of illusion is that we mistake what we perceive for reality.
Its vision was shaped by the recent independence struggles of many of its member countries, and its agenda promoted national sovereignty, non-interference, a rebalancing of North-South relations, and support for national liberation movements.
But the participants’ inability to reach a common position on their hosts’ nuclear program or the violence in Syria – two of the fundamental questions that confronted the summit – obviously undermined Iran’s effort to demonstrate that, despite facing severe economic and diplomatic sanctions, it remains an effective international player.
From 2003 to 2006, Iran made clear to anyone willing to listen that it would agree to all the key elements of the recent deal, including measures to block uranium and plutonium pathways to a bomb and obtrusive monitoring mechanisms to ensure ample advance notice of a likely breakout.
But with the US not talking to Iran at any level, and the EU talking but not listening, the effort went nowhere.
It knows that it would face attack by a much more heavily armed Israel, whether supported by the US or not; that Sunni powers in the region could move quickly to counter a “Shia bomb” with their own nuclear weapons; and that additional crushing international sanctions could be imposed.
Intelligent diplomacy beats brute force every time.
Soon after Kennedy assumed the presidency in 1961, he was “informed” by the CIA of its plot to overthrow Fidel Castro.
Viewed through the lens of history, the main job of US presidents is to be mature and wise enough to stand up to the permanent war machine.
Few Americans know that the CIA overthrew a democratic Iranian government in 1953.
The US is not a partisan in the Shia-Sunni struggle; if anything, the US confronts mainly Sunni terrorism, funded from Saudi Arabia, not Shia terrorism backed by Iran.
It was allowed to fly for about half an hour over southern Israel before being shot down by the Israeli air force over a sparsely populated area.
After several months of listening to Israeli (and, to some extent, US) war rhetoric, the regime began issuing its own menacing bombast, as a matter of substance and to defend the pride of a regime that views itself as the heir to the glorious imperial tradition of Persia.
Iran’s war rhetoric and threat to inflict a deadly blow on Israel is served by dispatching a drone in the general direction of Dimona.
Let us hope that the Americans act in time.
Turkey is a NATO member, and any violation of its territorial integrity could easily trigger the North Atlantic Treaty’s mutual-defense clause.
The key strategic question, however, will not be resolved on the region’s battlefields, but in the various negotiations on Iran’s nuclear program.
No single global power is likely to manage that alone.
As sanctions are lifted, Iran will become stronger, challenging the influence of the Gulf States.
Meanwhile, relief from sanctions, together with the gradual return of international companies, kick-starts Iran’s ailing economy.
Rouhani and his allies are unable to offer ordinary Iranians economic hope – a failure that causes them to lose both the legislative and presidential elections.
The framework agreement benefits all parties.
From the start of the twentieth century, the British Empire manipulated Persia in order to control its vast oil reserves.
Still, the British and American abuses vis-à-vis Persia and Iran started earlier, lasted longer, and imposed far higher costs than Iran’s actions vis-à-vis the US and UK.
In fact, both sides fully honored the treaty, and it led to the landmark 1968 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
No one at this point seriously believes that Iran is maintaining an active program to develop nuclear weapons, though not long ago it was almost conventional wisdom that the country was close to having them.
Just as conservative forces in Iran can be expected to try to stop an agreement, forces thriving on confrontation in the United States and elsewhere will do the same.
The United Nations Security Council has been split and ineffective, and even Russia seems to be gradually losing the leverage it once had in Damascus.
Despite all the criticism they faced, US President Barack Obama and his Secretary of State, John Kerry, stuck doggedly to the task of negotiating a deal with Iran to limit its nuclear program.
“I ask you,” he said in 1963, “to stop and think for a moment what it would mean to have nuclear weapons in so many hands, in the hands of countries large and small, stable and unstable, responsible and irresponsible, scattered throughout the world.”
There is an important lesson to be learned from more than a decade of negotiation with Iran.
The talks collapsed: no compromise, no agreement.
In reality – and as the coming weeks, months, and years will demonstrate – major issues have yet to be settled.
In the meantime, there could easily be changes of heart and mind as those who negotiated the interim deal return home and face criticism from their governments and publics over its terms.
President Barack Obama must contend with a far more complex political environment, beginning with the US Congress.
Obama is right: A nuclear agreement of the sort outlined is preferable to Iran possessing nuclear weapons or going to war to prevent that outcome.
Indeed, it is legitimate to ask whether Western (and especially US) negotiators were aware of the geopolitical implications of the deal.
And, whether Israel benefits or loses, Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu is sure to come out ahead.
Emulating the French statesman Cardinal Richelieu, Kissinger helped the weaker power against the stronger one.
All of this may say something essential about Obama’s approach to the nuclear deal with Iran.
But I had seen how determined Rouhani was to reach an agreement.
Likewise, the heavy-water reactor at Arak will have to be redesigned to produce only radioisotopes for medicinal and industrial purposes, or for research into other peaceful uses of nuclear energy, with the spent fuel it produces shipped out of the country.
What is most needed – and most difficult to achieve – is a rapprochement between Iran and Saudi Arabia.
We must now run the rest of the race.
Sanctions alone could not have accomplished this, and using military force would have entailed considerable risk with uncertain results.
Even without violating the accord, Iran can position itself to break out of nuclear constraints when the agreement’s critical provisions expire.
And the US should push back as warranted against Iran’s foreign policy or treatment of its own people.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and US President Barack Obama would both benefit from a deal.
Far from harboring weapons of mass destruction, he was focused on maintaining his grip on power.
The upheaval in these two neighboring countries has reshaped regional geopolitics.
According to Shirin Ebadi, the Iranian lawyer, human-rights activist, and winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, the restrictions are part of a government policy to limit women’s opportunities outside the home.
Atheists, agnostics, or members of Iran’s Bahai community are not accepted.
It seems that we still take sexual and religious discrimination less seriously than we take racial and ethnic discrimination.
Ironically, while Khamenei is no fan of democracy, he relies on the fact that his principal enemies are bound by democratic constraints.
But, from the perspective of Iran’s leadership, the taunting has tactical value to the extent that it reinforces the view among the Israeli public that Iran is a dangerous enemy, willing to retaliate fiercely.
In fact, it is far from certain that Iran will be able to withstand current sanctions-related pressures indefinitely.
Indeed, conditions in Iran’s oil industry had so deteriorated in 2007 that gasoline rationing was introduced, opening the way to a thriving black market.
Other Turkish investors express similar complaints. Cesur Ambalaj pulled out because of “unkept promises.”
According to the International Monetary Fund, the Iranian economy is almost totally controlled by political actors.
Under such circumstances, it is no wonder that doing business in Iran is a labyrinthine nightmare.
Iran’s choice for its next president, the hardline Mayor of Teheran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, is likely to worsen relations with the West and the country’s international isolation.
Most worrisome of all, he is close to the two main groups that represent the most extreme elements in Iran: the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and the Basij organization.
Sometimes individual Iranian officials may have acted on their own to order and coordinate specific operations; they will now feel freer to do so.
A more militant Iranian posture is likely to increase friction with Iraq, as well as inspire more anti-American violence there.
Following more than a year of deadlock, after negotiations in January 2011 led nowhere, this dialogue is for many the last chance to find a peaceful solution to a nearly decade-long conflict (in which I participated closely from 2006 to 2009 as the West’s main negotiator with Iran).
Second, Iran’s regional standing has been shaken by the wave of Arab revolts, especially in Syria – a decisive country, given its strategic relations with both Iran and Russia.
With Iran’s nuclear program advancing and political uncertainty looming over the region, Israel supports a military operation against Iran in 2012, before, in the words of Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak, it crosses the “immunity zone,” beyond which intervention would be futile.
Everyone has good reason to sit down and talk.
Once that’s done, any nation – or even a sophisticated terrorist group – can do the rest.
Iran could easily do what Japan does – hold enrichment facilities in readiness to make a bomb without actually doing so.
We are left in a situation that layers paradox upon paradox.
WASHINGTON, DC – The decision of former Iranian president Mohammad Khatami not to seek the presidency again has revealed how muddled Iranian presidential politics now is.  In trying to sort out this muddle, the most important thing to keep in mind is not so much who will be elected, but what that choice will reveal�about the intentions of the country’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Mir Hossein Moussavi, a former prime minister, and Abdullah Nouri, a former interior minister, are also expected to enter the race.
In order to manage the economic crisis successfully, any president must not only shift economic policy, but also amass enough political power to be able to thwart the intervention of the Revolutionary Guards and other organizations in economic policy-making.
The next president may have room to adjust economic or social policies.
Mousavi was an important part of the revolutionary movement that overthrew the Shah in 1979.
Former President Khatami, meanwhile, is reviled by the fundamentalists and the top brass of the Revolutionary Guards, who repeatedly obstructed his reform agenda during his presidency.
And an easing of US-Iranian tensions over the next few months, even if unaccompanied by substantive advances in the relationship, could improve the prospect for a fairer, less manipulated election result.
Iran’s theocratic regime, immersed in a momentous struggle for survival against what it regards as an unholy alliance of Israel, the American “Great Satan,” and a surrounding Arab world that abhors its hegemonic ambitions, will not surrender its nuclear ambitions easily. Indeed, nuclear weapons appear to be the regime’s only real route to self-preservation.
Iran’s backward economy, a third of which is controlled by the Revolutionary Guard, is simply incapable of offering job opportunities to Iran’s growing cohorts of university graduates – the same segment of society that toppled the Shah.
An attack on Iran might, however, produce precisely the effect that Netanyahu seeks to avoid.
Once fully operational, these facilities will give Iran mastery of the entire nuclear fuel cycle.
When it asked to visit a suspect lab within the Parchin defense production plant, the Iranians stalled.
“The least we can do to face this danger is to let our enemies know that we can defend ourselves.”
With Iran continuing to shelter top al-Qaeda leaders, this raises an even graver threat: that terrorists get hold of nuclear weapons.
Ahmadinejad confirmed sensing a similar presence. “I felt it myself, too, that suddenly the atmosphere changed and for 27-28 minutes the leaders could not blink....They had their eyes and ears open for the message from the Islamic Republic,” he told Ayatollah Javadi-Amoli.
In recent weeks, Ahmadinejad’s aides have denied another rumor that he ordered his cabinet to write a pact of loyalty with the 12th Imam and throw it down a well near the holy city of Qom, where some believe the Imam is hiding.
The Ministry of Information and Security (MOIS), largely sidelined by former President Mohammed Khatami, has re-emerged as a powerful repressive force, using plain-clothes agents, allied with the paramilitary Bassij and non-government vigilantes, to crack down on potential opponents of the regime.
In talks with members of Iran’s policy community, I am continually astounded that they see resolving the nuclear conflict (or, indeed, other problems in which Iran has a stake) to be primarily the responsibility of the US, Europe, and other major powers, not of Iran.
It would also be helpful if Iran laid out its strategic vision for the region.
The willingness of major countries to accept Iran with a nuclear status similar to Japan depends on whether Iran not only refers to itself as a status-quo power – which it occasionally does – but whether it acts as such.
Iran’s Political Clerics
Accordingly, the seminary establishment was no longer a civil structure managing only religious affairs, but instead developed into a unified, ideological party serving the interests of the regime.
Iran’s current supreme ruler, Seyyed Ali Khamenei, whose religious degree was a focus of suspicion in the seminary and among the clerical elite, was not considered a jurist by merit.
As a result, despite Saddam’s fall, the Najaf seminary remains impotent.
They may also hope to shatter the unified EU/US position that now exists.
It was far more costly to get Hezbollah to serve Iran’s strategy.
For the Israeli coalition government headed by Prime Minister Ehud Olmert, matters are relatively simple.
If Lebanon’s political forces and Nasrallah’s followers cannot get him to revert to a truce, Israel will bomb more targets, including Nasrallah’s offices in south Beirut.
But instead of establishing friendly relations with Iran based on this new reality, the United States has consistently sought to restore its domination, even providing massive diplomatic, financial, and military support to Saddam Hussein in his war against my country during the 1980’s.
It seeks to win the confidence of its neighbors and has remained within the confines of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT).
Iran has always considered regional stability to be in the vital interest of its own security and development.
We cannot predict our fate, but we can be certain that security will only come through real solidarity and global partnership.
It does not believe that sanctions can bring about its collapse.
If not, these forces will work to undermine the state.
This regime cannot survive in the long term with a political crisis such as the one it now faces.
The cheated presidential candidates, both veterans of the revolution, instinctively thought of a replay of history.
What’s missing this time, however, is a charismatic leader comparable to Khomeini.
By identifying squarely with the military-security apparatus headed by Ahmadinejad, Khamenei has alienated an important segment of the ruling clerical elite.
For that reason, it is demonstrating a degree of fragility that is comparable to the Shah’s regime in the latter part of the 1970’s.
Tension between the president and the Supreme Leader is built into the Islamic Republic’s core.
Their struggle is visible, however, in their maneuvering inside other branches of government.
By contrast, the president has no serious say in foreign policy, which is under the Supreme Leader’s direct supervision.
It is widely believed that the president would like to reduce the clergy’s influence and increase the power of the Revolutionary Guards, his main source of institutional support.
America’s decision to target Iranian agents in Iraq who may be involved in supporting violent militias is but another sign of the massive influence Iran is exercising in that troubled country.
At another level, Iran’s rise, reinforced by its suspected bid for nuclear weapons threatens to awaken historical hostilities, between Sunnis and Shiites and between Persians and Arabs.
Nevertheless, Iran also feels the need for accommodation with its adversaries.
Iran’s regional foreign policy has not yet caught up with its new pre-eminence; it is making as many enemies as it is gaining friends, and it might squander the windfall gains that it made in the past three years.
So how will the Iranian people weigh their votes? To answer, one needs to understand the composition of the Iranian electorate.
No candidate can be elected president of Iran without significant support among younger voters.
They want Iran to succeed – and to be recognized for its success – in sports, arts, and education at an international level.
Former President Mohammad Khatami, who openly considered trying again for the office, would have been a strong candidate for young voters.
The divide between Iran and Saudi Arabia, the Middle East’s most prominent Shia and Sunni powers, respectively, has deep roots.
The mass conversion to Islam among Persians was the first step toward the establishment of the first caliphate, a political-religious state comprising all Muslim lands.
It is thus unfathomable that they would dictate to Arab countries in any capacity.
That is why King Salman is overseeing the greatest military acquisition and expansion program in Saudi Arabia’s history.
Various state and non-state actors have been trying to fill the void created by America’s newfound caution, with most of the latter dependent on the support of regional powers, and two in particular: Iran and Saudi Arabia.
Even barring escalation beyond the Middle East, significant economic dangers are also likely, given the region’s energy reserves and thus its importance to the global economy.
Acceding to it would merely ensure further escalation of the conflict with Iran, which will never completely abandon its nuclear technology and nuclear activities.
While commentators have charged that Britain capitulated to Iran and handed them a humiliating victory in obtaining the release of the 15 British Marines last week, it would appear that something more like the opposite is actually the case.
Some have speculated that it was a matter of freelancing by the IRGC’s command, or the navy, reacting to a local target of opportunity.
All of this does not mean that there are necessarily “radicals” and “moderates” within the clerical regime in Teheran.
On one level, that reaction is predictable.
Terrorists who have tasted success in Iraq will increasingly turn on others.
Doing so would require significant investment, which in turn would require international confidence in Iraq’s future stability.
Second, countries should support Iraq’s government, despite its shortcomings.
Still, there is a big difference between an Iraq that struggles and one that implodes; between an Iraq that contributes to global energy security rather than undermining it; between a civil war and a regional war.
For Japan nowadays, security policy must satisfy a trinity of criteria: "national interests," "alliance," and "international cooperation."
From that time on, Japan trod a lonely path that ended with its defeat in World War II.
It is in recognition of the possible consequences - a return of US isolationism, the emboldening of terrorists - that many countries sent and retain troops in Iraq. Indeed, Russia, France, and Germany, which confronted the US and Britain at the UN over the Iraq war, and the UN itself, which withdrew early in the occupation, are all now searching for a way to assist in Iraq's rehabilitation.
The foundation was to be a liberal, even post-modern constitution, complete with a guarantee of 25% of parliamentary seats for women. 
But in practice administrative rules are now being applied to exclude so-called “high-ranking” Ba’ath members from any form of government employment, and thousands are affected.
One Shia leader, Moqtada Sadr, also vehemently opposes federalism.
Last year he was wanted for murder. Now he wants recognition as a statesman, money, and, at least implicitly, Sistani’s and the SCIRI’s humiliation.
To be sure, in the early 1960’s, members of President John F. Kennedy’s administration intellectualized war and debated the merits of strategies, including counterinsurgency.
No one can visit Iraq and talk to Iraqis without coming away with the sense that ridding the world of Saddam Hussein was an important – even noble – accomplishment.
If only he were more democratically minded, or would reach out to the Sunni community – perhaps offering another ministerial portfolio – suicide bombings of Shia religious festivals by Sunni extremist would end.
BLOOMINGTON – Iraqis go to the polls on March 7 to elect a new Parliament for the second time under the country’s permanent constitution of 2006.
The message from Iran’s allies in Iraq, who control the de-Baathification process, is clear.
The prime minister then met with Iraq’s chief justice, following which the court’s decision was reversed.
Even the principal Kurdish parties are facing a challenge from an independent party, Goran, and are likely to incur some losses to it.
On one side stood people who understood how to operate in a democracy, attain power, and realize their ambitions. They learned to speak the language of democracy, gaining money and influence in the process and enlisting independent organizations to defend their rights and privileges.
My answer to all of these questions was “yes.”
Though conditions in Iraq today are drawing many young men toward violence, I am convinced that we need only to provide decent jobs and housing to save them.
Above all, the government must spare no effort in convincing poor Iraqis of the value of democracy and freedom, and how important the constitution is in realizing their aspirations for a better life.
Thus, a vast majority of the population were sure that a democratically elected government would serve their interests and eagerly participated at the polls.
At a time when democracy is spreading, they remain dictatorships.
After all, this is precisely what the radical Islamists have done by, for example, reversing the traditional Islamic opposition to suicide bombing.
January’s Palestinian elections were won by a relatively moderate leader because he was put forward by the ruling Fatah movement and Islamists boycotted the election.
Now they hope to become a factor in bringing about real change.
The employees of the state-owned enterprises still receive paychecks, even though about a third of their workplaces have been destroyed.
Despite the violence, commercial activity has also risen, because Iraqis are now free to import the equipment and goods they need to build homes, run stores, and operate trucking companies.
Iraqi statistics, which define unemployment more expansively, show rates in percent declining from the mid-twenties to the teens in the past two years.
They also identify good officers and those who are corrupt or participating in death squads or sectarian militias.
But the key question concerning the future of the country remains: will Shia, Sunnis, and Kurds will unite behind a functioning central authority?
Article 11 of the new constitution declares that “All that is not written in the exclusive powers of the federal authorities is in the authority of the regions.”
Moreover, the Kurds are the proverbial dog that hasn’t yet barked.
Some Shia may turn to militia leaders, Sunnis to insurgents, and Kurds to leaders demanding independence.
Half of them go to other parts of Iraq; the rest go abroad.
But what happens to them?
But do the Iraqis really have these three choices? Can anyone watching reports of the daily carnage in Iraq envision Iraqis going back?
This leaves the third possibility – that of resettlement.
American behavior and self-perceptions reveal the ease with which a civilized country can engage in large-scale killing of civilians without public discussion. In late October, the British medical journal Lancet published a study of civilian deaths in Iraq since the US-led invasion began.
Another New York Times story (November 12), citing “military officials,” dutifully reported that, “Since the assault began on Monday, about 600 rebels have been killed, along with 18 American and 5 Iraqi soldiers.”
While the cameras were rolling, a US marine turned to an unarmed and wounded Iraqi lying on the ground and murdered the man with gunshots to the head.
Airstrikes against the Islamic State might unseat the group’s fighters in critical areas; but, as things stand, troops will be needed to hold and govern liberated territory.
In the two years following the withdrawal of US troops, then-Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, like Diem four decades earlier, set about consolidating political power through patronage.
Instead, security experts should consider how best to manage the potential for violence among and within the various factions vying for local control.
After 42 years of dictatorship, Libya, like Iraq in 2003 after the fall of Saddam Hussein, needs more than wishful thinking to become a vibrant democracy.
Last July, the Council’s military leader, Abdul Fatah Younis al-Obeidi, was assassinated under ambiguous circumstances.
The first is major cities’ competing sense of entitlement to the fruits of the revolution: Misurata, where Qaddafi’s body was displayed; Tripoli, which hosted the liberation ceremony; and Zintan, which is holding Qaddafi’s son, Saif al-Islam el-Qaddafi, prisoner.
The collapse of authoritarian rule created a security vacuum with no functioning state apparatus, making Libya highly exposed to international influence, often in the service of corporate interests.
Their campaign has been more coordinated and intense than last time, with the aim of mobilizing the maximum number of supporters and ensuring a high turnout, which most commentators assume will assist the Yes side.
The European Central Bank has provided a monetary lifeline that has provided much needed liquidity within the financial system and helped the government to stem the crisis of confidence created by the banking collapse.
Opinion polls conducted in recent weeks indicate that the Yes side commands a strong majority of 62% to 23%, with 15% of the electorate undecided.
“The recent economic and financial upheavals,” he declared, “have thrown a glaring light on the shortcomings of the intellectual tools provided by mainstream economics and its key assumptions regarding the sustainability of self-regulating markets,” especially “largely unregulated global financial markets.”
This is particularly important today, when public discourse in democracies is relentlessly demotic and academic work is increasingly specialized.
But this role has atrophied with the rising expectation that they should be “normal,” representing their populations’ habits and tastes as closely as possible.
“It is the art of the possible.”
In March, having agreed on the fiscal treaty, the European Council turned its attention to reviving economic growth, which will be the key to long-term fiscal sustainability.
It would also mean stable European economies to which we can export.
Crucially, we are also a member of the second-largest currency area in the world.
We must stand together or fall together, because our economies are so interconnected.
The “No” campaign has been vigorous, comprising a motley crew of aging Marxists, anti-globalization protestors, traditional euroskeptics, and obsessive “sovereigntists.”
The percentage of “Don’t knows” remains high, at about 47%, so there is everything to play for in the campaign’s final days.
Their votes could prove crucial in a tight contest.
The prospect of a future of genetically modified athletes incites alarm throughout the sports world, accompanied by portrayals of such athletes as inhuman or some form of mutant. This is a misrepresentation of how gene transfer would alter humans, both therapeutically and non-therapeutically, should it ever be legalized.
As has been made clear from the ethical debates on stem-cell research, a global policy cannot easily be adopted or enforced, nor should it be.
Those who fear that gene doping heralds the “end of sports” should instead recognize this moment as an opportunity to ask critical and difficult questions about the effectiveness and validity of anti-doping tests.
The Magna Charta is the world’s most visible statement of principles for the promotion and protection of university autonomy.
Moreover, this is not an affront to economics.
Once teaching reduces, if not eliminates, the original competitive advantage associated with a piece of research, academics and their funders are forced to seek new sources of advantage by producing new knowledge.
In the case of the university, this means allowing access to knowledge to students who lack the intellectual, political, or financial resources that might have enabled them to produce it for themselves.
One ongoing project is the construction of a new parliament building in Kabul, a symbol of India’s desire to see representative institutions flourish. But it is no secret that India does not believe that Afghanistan is ready to dispense with the foreign forces that have been shoring up domestic peace.
Indians have every reason to be relieved. An Afghanistan without ISAF will be prey to the machinations of Pakistan’s notorious Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), which created, trained, financed, and directed the Afghan Taliban in the 1990’s.
The bottom line for India remains the Afghan people’s right to decide their own destiny. It views the international community’s role as being to help Afghans accomplish that.
One conservative intellectual put it in almost Nietzschean terms: “Yes, two million people took to the street after the elections. But they were voters, not fighters.
The effects of the latest round of international sanctions on Iran are somewhat ambiguous: they have weakened the country, but they do not seem to have weakened Ahmadinejad.
American officials often underestimate this threat perception and deep suspicion of US intentions, but they are powerful factors in Iranian politics.
If the Istanbul talks go well, they could provide a road map for further negotiations, not only on the nuclear issue, but also on Afghanistan, the Middle East, and terrorism.
The problem was Britain’s failure in the late nineteenth century to take its economy to the next level.
Enterprise managers promoted from the shop floor were, it is said, second rate.
There is no shortage of new MBAs establishing start-ups or even going to work for auto companies.
In response to the collapse of demand in 1929, it erected high tariff walls.
Is America Healing Fast Enough?
The third and fourth positive factors relate to housing and the labor market.
So, not surprisingly, they have provoked excitement in some circles that the US may finally be poised to leave behind the depressing trio of unusually sluggish growth, persistently high unemployment, and high and growing inequality.
Recall that the Fed’s policy bet was that these “costs and risks,” to use Chairman Ben Bernanke’s phrase, would be more than offset by the improvement in the overall economic situation.
Is Azerbaijan Next?
But can such a scheme work in Azerbaijan? A “dress rehearsal” failed in October 2003, when the opposition, incapable of uniting around a single candidate to challenge Ilham in the presidential election, declared the results to have been falsified and called people into the streets.
The transfer of power from father to son took place peacefully, and Ilham’s administration has presided over completion of the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline – to the annoyance of Russia and Armenia.
As Brzezinski added, “Of course, it is important for the political regime in Azerbaijan to be as stable and legitimate as possible.”
But will such restrictions work?
Moreover, these CEOs lost a lot in the crisis.
Corporate executives manage larger companies. Investors manage much larger sums of money.
Indeed, politicians, eager to look good in the eyes of angry voters, are often more interested in setting limits to total compensation than they are in designing the optimal form of compensation.
Debt investors, not the government, would have bailed out the banks, making the financial crisis substantially smaller, if it had occurred at all.
In that case, a recession can occur despite the central bank’s best efforts.
After all, the US went off the gold standard in 1933, and the Fed cut the discount rate to 1.5% in 1934, ending deflation (except for minor episodes); but the unemployment rate did not fall consistently below 15% until 1941 and the onset of World War II.
We are now in the late stages of the biggest real estate boom in US (or world) history, driven by frenzied market psychology.
The police officer who murdered Taseer apparently acted because the governor recently launched a campaign to repeal the law. From the standpoint of Pakistani religious extremists who have applauded the murder, that itself was an act of blasphemy.
It is assumed in such circumstances that the violence will be carried out by those who sympathize with the views of the person inciting hatred.  An example would be a mob attack on a member of a racial or religious group in direct response to a speech urging an assault on members of that group.
Yet those who admire his courage in struggling for freedom of expression ought to see to it that efforts to make blasphemy a crime, or to perpetuate it as a criminal offense, are afforded no legitimacy whatsoever.
Now, instead of waiting for Maliki to act, US forces appear poised to do the job themselves.
Sadr can simply hold back and wait the Americans out.
First, it sidelines Maliki, which means that he will be less damaged politically than if he were directly identified with US attacks on Iraqi Shi’a.
Is Capitalism Doomed?
Even in the US, state and local governments, and now the federal government, are cutting expenditure and reducing transfer payments.
Others will soon follow.
Recent popular demonstrations, from the Middle East to Israel to the UK, and rising popular anger in China – and soon enough in other advanced economies and emerging markets – are all driven by the same issues and tensions: growing inequality, poverty, unemployment, and hopelessness.
Alan Greenspan attained an almost iconic status as Governor of the Federal Reserve Board.
Perhaps another occurred in 1998, when the Fed lowered interest rates in the face of what appeared to be an impending global financial crisis.
Greenspan’s irresponsible support of that tax cut was critical to its passage.
Unemployment harms workers, while the lower interest rates needed to generate more jobs may lead to higher inflation, which especially harms those with nominal assets whose value is eroded.
At some point, America will awaken from its geopolitical slumber; there are already signs that it has opened one eye.
It won the battle of the comminiqué, but it may have lost 20 years of painstakingly accumulated goodwill, the result of efforts such as the ASEAN-China free-trade agreement, signed in November 2002.
The geopolitical opportunity implied by inclusion of the map has not been lost on America, which is why the US, somewhat unusually, has made another effort to ratify the Law of the Sea Convention.
So why not make similar overtures to other ASEAN states?
LONDON – Remember the G-2? America’s financial difficulties and foreign entanglements, together with China’s economic ascent, led many last year to envisage the emergence of a sort of global condominium between the two countries.
First, the weak and largely jobless economic recovery in America and Europe shines the spotlight on China’s surging exports and the non-tariff barriers confronted by would-be importers to China.
China’s clash with Google and US protests at cyber attacks on American targets remind the outside world, as well as America’s media and political elites, of the difference in values between the two countries.
Far more worrying is an issue that is yet to play out.
This change, however, is also creating anxieties about shifting power relations among states.
Almost alone among developing countries, China is aging extraordinarily fast.
Communist ideology is long gone, so the legitimacy of the ruling party depends on economic growth and ethnic Han nationalism.
China’s size and high rate of economic growth will almost certainly increase its relative strength vis-à-vis the US in the coming decades.
He all but guaranteed that China’s annual growth would remain above 8% in 2009.
Even if successful in the short run, the huge shift toward government spending will almost certainly lead to significantly slower growth rates a few years down the road.
The environmental degradation is obvious even to casual observers.
These social differences have little to do with the yuan-dollar exchange rate, although that matters, too.
Instead, those who argue that the Chinese economy is overheating cite the high rate of investment in plant and equipment and real estate, which reached 43% of GDP in 2004.
And yet any government has to watch that the investment is being made effectively.
They can overextend their finances, fall victim to promotions, invest carelessly in the wrong assets, and direct production into regions and activities on the basis of momentary excitement rather than calculation of economic fundamentals.
Is China’s Tibet Policy Bad for Business?
With nationalist sentiment aroused, few Chinese are asking why the violence occurred.
Activists cannot possibly take aim at all foreign businesses in China, so most firms are unlikely to be specifically targeted or suffer reputational damage.
Chinese spokesmen denounced this as a throwback to the days when America thought it could, and should, try to “contain” the People’s Republic.
Conversely, some of China’s most disturbing moves can be chalked up to exaggerated feelings of insecurity.
At the same time, China really is still a “poor” country in terms of per capita income.
Outsiders are increasingly convinced that China is a superpower, and that it needs to show that it can be a responsible one.
In Saudi Arabia, the state-owned China Railway Construction Corporation built the Al-Mashaaer Al-Mugadassah light-rail project to ease traffic pressure during the annual Hajj pilgrimage to Mecca.
Excruciatingly laborious “stakeholder” consultations – of the type that lasted nearly ten years to construct the World Bank-funded Nam Theun 2 hydroelectric power plant in Laos – are not required of Chinese aid.
For example, 750 Chinese workers were shipped to Indonesia, along with 630,000 tons of steel, to construct the five-kilometer Suramadu bridge linking Surabaya to Madura.
But reaching that goal requires a plan, and China must play its part in formulating it.
On one side stands Arvind Subramanian, from the Peterson Institute and the Center for Global Development.
Historically, poor regions of the world have often relied on what is called a “vent-for-surplus” model.
The problem for poor countries is that they are not producing the right kinds of goods.
And they have made little systematic use of explicit industrial policies that could act as a substitute for undervaluation.
So it should surprise no one that “containment” is coming to dominate Asian diplomatic discourse.
Everybody has benefited from these ties.
But, even according to the highest estimates, China’s military budget is only now about equal to that of Japan and, of course, much less than the combined military budgets of Japan, India, and Russia, all of which border China – not to mention Indonesia, South Korea, and a militarily modernizing Taiwan.
In 2011 we may begin to see whether those incentives lead China’s rulers to re-appraise their diplomatic conduct, which has left them with only the corrupt, basket case economies of Burma and North Korea as reliable friends in Asia.
Yet the region has inadequate opportunities for young people to find meaningful work.
Moreover, Iraq's possession of oil is a mixed blessing, because few oil-based economies have proven hospitable to liberal democracy.
But this will take time and patience - and it will need to be accompanied by policy changes on Iraq, Palestine-Israel, and the regional economy.
But getting there requires American policies that are consistent with the comprehensive approach that democratic transformation requires.
True, Syria and Iran are playing a major role in supporting Iraqi insurgents, and Syria is still encouraging the trafficking of jihadists and weapons across its borders with Iraq. But the idea that these activities can be halted at will is naïve.
In these cirumstances, neither Syria nor Iran seems capable of delivering anything but mayhem in Iraq.
Assad cannot turn his back on all of this.
In the United States, the debate has been fueled by the baseball player Barry Bonds’ march towards the all-time record for home runs in a career.
To those who say that this will give drug users an unfair advantage, Savulescu replies that now, without drugs, those with the best genes have an unfair advantage.
Moreover, I would argue that sport has no single “spirit.”
So, while Savulescu’s bold suggestion may reduce drug use, it will not end it.
Output collapsed and unemployment soared.
Yet I am reluctant to believe that things will turn out the same way this time.
A third difference is that the political preconditions for a cooperative response are better today.
Reintroducing the national currency in order to depreciate it, but leaving the euro value of other financial instruments untouched, would destroy balance sheets and wreak financial havoc.
But it is the precise policies on which European governments cooperate that will tell the tale.
The point at which credit risk becomes exchange-rate/redenomination risk is ambiguous.
That said, much can still go wrong.
The eurozone is still prone to bad equilibria as long as growth on its periphery remains weak.
LONDON – Evidence-based medicine, as David Sackett and his colleagues wrote in 1996, is “the conscientious, explicit, and judicious use of current best evidence in making decisions about the care of individual patients.”
This is problematic for two main reasons.
She also happens to be opposed to taking blue-colored pills.
The medical community must develop the science of shared decision-making, in which epidemiological evidence informs conversations about what matters to the patient and how best to achieve those goals.
But for how long? While reading the economic tea leaves is always risky, there are signs that we are at the cusp of a transition to a new regime in which the rules of the game will not be nearly as accommodating for export-led strategies. 
Neither the economics nor the politics of this pattern of current-account balances is sustainable, especially in a recessionary environment. 
So exporting will become an even tougher business.
What is moderately bad news at the moment will become terrible news only if economic distress in the advanced countries – especially the US – is allowed to morph into xenophobia and all-out protectionism; if large emerging markets such as China, India, and Brazil fail to realize that they have become too important to free ride on global economic governance; and if, as a consequence, others overreact by turning their back on the world economy and pursue autarkic policies.
[Thus,] GDP would be higher than otherwise by $120 billion in 2009 and $180 billion in 2010...,” and by $60 billion in 2011.
It follows that an additional stimulus package in 2010 would be another mistake...”
We are interested in what the multiplier is under more normal conditions, and when the unemployment rate is 10%.
He characterizes the stimulus bill as a two-year $600 billion increase in government purchases.
At the moment, the United States Treasury can borrow at a real interest rate of zero for five years – and shove the entire five-year inflation risk onto the lender.
First, France has found it difficult to adjust to the demands of globalization.
In France, by contrast, the statist tradition – which, as Tocqueville so aptly observed, harks back to the Ancien Régime, and which is equally shared today by both the Gaullist and socialist ideologies – is strongly linked to a marked distaste toward the strictures of economic liberalism.
Whether it is the breakup of public monopolies, such as electricity, gas, telecommunications, and even the post office, or the replacement of military conscription by a professional military, or pension reform, France has changed much more than is commonly believed.
But the details of the treaty offer little comfort to a region that is still recovering from the economic devastation wrought by those wars.
At the same time, the agreement eliminates most import tariffs for commodities like rice, yellow corn, or dairy products.
So why did Central America's leaders sign the agreement? The region's economies have not experienced significant growth in the past five years (nor have they grown more than 5% annually in the past 20 years).
What lies ahead is uncertain; the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean stressed that CAFTA's implementation will add 0.5 percentage points to the rate of annual GDP growth in the region.
For contemporary democrats, the fullest possible respect for the autonomous individual is, as Thomas Jefferson put it, "self-evident."
Beyond fundamental freedoms and economic prosperity, do we have a specific civilization to defend?
To do so, there cannot be too wide a gap between our stated principles and our actual behavior.
In France, the debate has stalled altogether due to bitter distributive conflicts, deep division within the Left, and the Right's absence of an economic and social vision.
Individual buying of gold goes far beyond the airport shops and other places where gold coins are sold.
The dollar price of gold does not increase with the US price level.
And, if the price level should fall, a newly issued TIPS bond will return the original nominal purchase price, thus providing a hedge against deflation.
And gold is a liquid asset that provides diversification in a portfolio of stocks, bonds, and real estate.
Two weeks later, on May 31, Blair and Brown met in a small restaurant in North London, and debated who should take over the party leadership.
As a result, Britain has had an unprecedented decade of low inflation and relatively high economic growth, outperforming many of its European counterparts.
His reputation for command and control of the economy is magisterial and unchallenged, but he has given almost no clue as to what he thinks of other government policies.
All of them concentrated on domestic policies; none dared discuss Iraq, because they all know that to do so would raise the question of withdrawal, which in turn would unleash a major and possibly explosive debate about Britain’s relationship with the US.
But, despite the grim parallel, Japan’s government does not seem to think that it needs to take the problem seriously.
In other words, the private sector’s huge savings financed the government’s deficit, so that capital flight never occurred in the way it has in Greece, despite the desperate budget situation.
After averting its eyes since coming to power, Japan’s new government has finally started discussing tax hikes.
What is needed most now is for the DPJ government to restore comprehensive economic management.
WASHINGTON, DC – The geography of poverty and social deprivation has changed dramatically over the last two decades.
Moreover, income growth has contributed to improved education. Adult literacy rates in South Asia match the global norm.
The dowry tradition puts pressure on girls’ families to marry them early, leading to a preference for sons – and thus to sex-specific abortions targeting female fetuses.
In today’s uncertain world, social turmoil, gender deprivation, and rising conflict have tested countries’ abilities to create jobs, promote gender equity, equip young people with skills, and design effective social protection programs.
Two facts stand out.
This emphasis on anti-worker, pro-rich policies as the recession’s primary cause fits less well with events in Europe.
Continental Europe did not deregulate as much, and preferred to seek growth in greater economic integration.
The alternative view suggests different remedies.
Europe may be better off with stop-gap measures.
CAMBRIDGE – Inflation is now low in every industrial country, and the combination of high unemployment and slow GDP growth removes the usual sources of upward pressure on prices.
In past decades, large expansions of bank reserves caused lending surges that increased the money supply and fueled inflationary spending growth.
The long-term unemployed will be much slower to be hired as the economy recovers than those who have been out of work for a much shorter period of time.
The large number of long-term unemployed may make the problem more difficult this time by causing the unemployment rate to remain high even when product markets are beginning to experience rising inflation.
Over-levered households cannot spend, over-levered banks cannot lend, and over-levered governments cannot stimulate.
Consider, next, whether the inflationary cure would work as advertised.
So central banks would have to regain anti-inflation credibility very soon after subjecting investors to a punishing inflation.
No solution is without weaknesses, though.
If the world’s central banks raise interest rates while the major problem is insufficient global demand, they might cause a depression.
The European Central Bank’s response has been analogous to the Fed’s, but less forceful, with monetary policy easier than the headline inflation rate would suggest is appropriate.
Global rebalancing is painful for American consumers, and shows itself as higher headline inflation. But to respond by fighting inflation inside the US would be grossly inappropriate – both much more painful for US consumers and pointless.
But this overlooks what ought to be at the center of the discussion: higher US unemployment right now is not an appropriate goal for stabilizing US output and offers few benefits, if any, for stabilizing US prices.
But, as matters turned out, their absence did not hinder the parties from reaching an agreement.
As hosts of the conference, the Ghanaians were particularly incensed at being asked to make an arrest under such circumstances, and refused to do so.
Just a week before the indictment, seven African Union and UN peacekeepers were killed and 22 injured during an ambush by well-armed militiamen.
Can politics learn from history?
The surprise of Bush’s new policy is its shift of political focus from Iraq to its two immediate neighbors.
The nuclear program is the dynamic factor here, because it will set a timeline for action.
So why the current threats against Iran?
WASHINGTON, DC – The Obama administration’s decision to withdraw the bulk of United Sates troops from Iraq over the next 19 months has sparked fears that Iraq will once again plunge into the wide-scale and debilitating violence that it endured from 2004 to 2007.
The ethnic cleansing of many Baghdad neighborhoods in 2006 and 2007 was deplorable.
Jordanian agents were instrumental in providing the intelligence that enabled US forces to kill Abu Zarqawi, the mastermind of the Amman bombing.
NEW YORK -- Israel’s decision in May to drop commandoes onto a flotilla of pro-Palestinian activists was brutal.
So is it true, as many defenders of Israel claim, that the Jewish state is judged by different standards from other countries? I believe that it is.
They don’t know any better.
The French philosopher Alain Finkielkraut was right to criticize the Erdogan for over-reacting to the raid on the “Gaza freedom flotilla.”
Allowing the past to cloud our critical faculties undermines Israeli democracy, and will have further dangerous consequences in the future.
In normal times, however, there is no such premium at all.
The reason is that healthy spending and production no longer depend only on the soundness of the banking system and public confidence in its stability.
So central banks must also focus on how the fall in the volume of money flowing through financial markets will affect spending, and on how much they should cut interest rates and expand money supply to offset these effects.
Agriculture remains the main source of income for more than 30% of China’s labor force, compared to less than 2% in the United States or 6% in South Korea.
This is bad news for reducing income inequality, as capital gains and high-end wages may grow much faster.
But that will happen only if the other countries’ wages are relatively more efficient (i.e., productivity there is ultimately higher than in China), and not just because Chinese nominal wages go up. For now, however, this does not seem to be the case in general.
MEXICO CITY – Shortly before America’s elections last November, then vice-presidential candidate Joseph Biden was widely criticized for predicting that an Obama administration would almost certainly be tested by what he called a “generated” international crisis, in much the way that the Soviet Union “tested” John F. Kennedy shortly after he assumed office.
That disguised coup failed – barely – and there is no guarantee that the result will be similar this time around in Mexico.
It is emblematic that while Obama has received Mexican President Felipe Calderón, the White House only recently announced that one of his first foreign trips would be to Mexico.
Four factors, none of them new but each destabilizing on its own, are compounding one another: lack of hope, dangerous governmental policies, a regional power vacuum, and the absence of active external mediation.
Iran, whose influence in the Levant is not so much the cause of unresolved problems in the Middle East as the result of them, continues to defy the imposition of new sanctions by the United Nations Security Council.
Qatar over-estimates its own strength.
Domestic issues are likely to preoccupy Obama and his team at least up until the mid-term elections this November, thus precluding active diplomacy during the critical months ahead.
There will be times when nations – acting individually or in concert – will find the use of force not only necessary but morally justified.”
By the 1990’s, such conflicts were the dominant form.
The same is true of today’s fourth generation of modern warfare, which focuses on the enemy’s society and political will to fight.
Markets and economic power rest upon political frameworks: in chaotic conditions of great political uncertainty, markets fail.
Neo-conservatism has served as a badge of unity for those in the Bush administration advocating an aggressive foreign policy, massive military spending, disdain for international law and institutions, an assault on the welfare state, and a return to “traditional values.”
For future neo-conservatives, however, the 1960’s produced a “trauma” that transcended the humiliation of a lost war and the disgrace of Richard Nixon.
The question was how to package elites’ interest in free-market capitalism with the provincial temperament of a parochial constituency.
Employing a crude form of “realism,” which has traditionally viewed the state as the basic unit of political analysis, neo-conservatives portrayed al-Qaeda in terms of familiar enemies, namely fascism and communism, with backing from “rogue” states that must not be “appeased.”
BAGHDAD – The Obama administration’s Iraq policy is in chaos. Seven months after Iraq’s national elections, the United States has publicly denied taking sides in the wrangling over who will be prime minister.
First among these is Syria. Post-election Iraq was an obvious opening for the US to place a wedge between Iran and Syria.
First, they are weary of renewed Iranian attempts to destabilize Iraq.
The Bush administration insisted that Iraq achieve various “milestones” – elections for which the country was not ready and completing a constitution in six weeks, to name two – simply to create the appearance of substantive achievements ahead of the 2004 presidential election or the 2006 mid-term elections.
Flores, a Social Christian candidate representing a rightist alliance, wants to maintain present President Alejandro Toledo’s neo-liberal policies, which have boosted economic growth, foreign investment, and exports spectacularly over the past four years.
But Humala's detractors claim he took up arms to help the escape of Montesinos, who was already wanted by the law, but managed to flee aboard a sailboat towards Galapagos on the day of the coup.
Humala glorifies two Peruvian military dictators: Cáceres, who fought against Chile, and Velasco Alvarado, who nationalized oil and mining companies, redistributed land, and controlled the press.
But that is precisely the point: so many of the men caught up in sex-tinged scandals of late have exposed themselves – sometimes literally – through their own willing embrace of text messages, Twitter, and other indiscreet media.
The neural circuitry is identical to that for other addictive triggers, such as gambling or cocaine.
By now, there is an effective and detailed model for weaning porn-addicted men and restoring them to a more balanced mental state, one less at the mercy of their compulsions.
How plausible is this argument? Can benign regulation really be bought?
The industry’s voice was more often heard in Parliament as well.
The data are not from financial firms alone, and Tahoun has not disaggregated them by sector.
The Fed folk are paid a little better, and stay rather longer.
So intellectual capture is a charge hard to refute. But were regulators surrogate lobbyists for the financial industry?
So both countries maintained their claims to sovereignty.
Japan faces parliamentary elections in the near future, by August 2013 at the latest, but perhaps as early as the start of the year.
Although China surpassed Japan as the world’s second-largest economy two years ago, Japan is a comfortable society with a much higher per capita income.
MOSCOW – Has Russia’s economic crisis ended? That depends on who you ask.
But there you can read very pessimistic estimates of the country’s economic future.
But Russia’s budget for 2010 is still headed for a serious deficit, owing to high spending.
Whereas inward investment reached $20 billion in 2008, capital outflows totaled $20 billion in 2009.
The state, which is seeking to rescue the domestic automobile industry, allocated to the firm more credits through state-owned banks.
But, as former United States National Security Advisor Brent Scowcroft noted, Russia still “has enormous capacities to influence the US security strategy in any country.”
So Russia’s claim to being a central element in Eurasian security, on par with the US and the European Union, is not the blustering of a spent Leviathan. Rather, it is a demand for a fair international legal order.
America’s global military power is undisputed, although it is used with decreasing frequency.
For many years, we had to deal with the problem of Russia’s very existence rather than that of the quality of its governance.
Writing in the fifth century b.c., Hippocrates provided the first known definition of melancholia (what we now call “depression”) as a distinct disorder: “If fear or sadness last for a long time it is melancholia.”
All conditions that display five or more of nine symptoms – including low mood, lack of pleasure, sleep and appetite difficulties, inability to concentrate, and fatigue – over a two-week period are now considered depressive disorders.
Parents whose child is seriously ill, spouses who discover their partners’ extramarital affairs, or workers unexpectedly fired from valued jobs are defined as suffering mental disorders if they develop enough symptoms to meet the DSM criteria. This is so even if the symptoms disappear as soon as the child recovers, the spouses reconcile, or a new job is found.
SEOUL – South Korea’s recent economic performance has been disappointing.
But fiscal policies often targeted unproductive projects, such as rural infrastructure construction, and weaknesses in the banking system dampened the effectiveness of monetary stimulus.
On the contrary, GDP contracted by 0.1% last year, and is expected to grow by just 0.6% this year.
Over the same period, South Korea’s share of global exports jumped from 0.3% to 3% – very close to Japan’s 3.6%.
It also should continue to implement structural reforms aimed at strengthening its labor and financial markets, improving institutional quality, and boosting productivity in services and small and medium-size enterprises.
While these factors undoubtedly placed upward pressure on food prices, they alone cannot explain the steep hikes.
But their presence has also raised concerns that speculation in commodity futures could result in higher price volatility.
For each study that finds a significant connection between speculative trading and market volatility, there is at least one that claims the contrary.
Moreover, such a fund would require exorbitant resources to be operational, not to mention the tremendous challenges in determining a price level that would trigger its intervention.
If actual output is below potential output, this means that total spending is insufficient to buy what the economy can produce.
So a stimulus will boost both output and employment.
Some of it will be saved. American household saving has shot up from 0% to 5% since the start of the recession, understandably to pay off debt.
This is intended to stimulate private spending by bringing down the rate of interest at which banks lend to their customers.
A double round of stimulus packages is needed to counteract the real prospect of a double-dip recession.
Today, as protests mount and multiply, the government of every Arab state in the Middle East and North Africa probably believes that, if left to its own devices, it can contain internal dissent.
Lifting the state of emergency that has been in force since 1963 – giving sweeping powers to the regime and its security services – would be both a symbolic and tangible step in the right direction.
The regime claims that it is part of the 'resistance' with its senior partner Iran.
What the Syrian people want is a meaningful dialogue with the regime.
Bank shares in particular are rebounding, and some banks have even succeeded in repaying at least part of their government-provided capital.
The prices of structured securities such as collateralized debt obligations have come down, because the institutional fraud of a multi-fold chain of securitizations has been detected.
Hansen predicted that capitalism would suffer from a permanent underinvestment crisis. Banks would scale down their balance sheets in proportion to their reported equity losses and exacerbate the credit crunch from which the world is already suffering today.
If government becomes a partner, it may well endow the banks immediately with the equity required to sustain their business.
That is why the prize has invited comparisons to an Oscar lifetime achievement award that comes only when the recipient is nearing death.
A similar study, conducted in 2012 by Javier Santiso, a professor at the ESADE business school in Barcelona and a managing director at Telefónica, found that Europe’s per capita investment in venture capital in 2011 was a meager $7, compared to $142 in Israel and $72 in the US.
Member states’ governments and the European Commission’s last communication, “A Stronger European Industry for Growth and Economic Recovery,” display an awareness of the need to revive Europe’s industrial policy.
The question was, which political community would support the euro?
After all, that piecemeal approach is what had helped to build the EU ever since its origins in the coal and steel community of the 1950’s.
Now, however, what did not happen through smooth evolution has started to happen through crisis.
In spite of their desire not to raise them, European leaders face the uncomfortable prospect of having to answer them – and without much delay.
To bring the cost of those goods and services down to the level in the US would require the euro to fall relative to the dollar by about 15%, to around $1.10.
Because German exports are attractive to foreign buyers at the existing exchange rate, Germany in 2009 was the world’s second largest exporter (after China).
While much of that investment will flow to the US, the surplus countries want to diversify their investment of these new net export earnings.
These and other countries with very large foreign-exchange balances are beginning to diversify their holdings from dollars to euros, a process that will continue and that will inevitably cause the euro to rise relative to the dollar.
Because of his close relationship with Prime Minister Thatcher, I also had several opportunities to meet with her.
While some restrictions on banks will be imposed in the wake of the financial crisis, we will not see a return to severe regulatory constraints on banks’ activities.
Although the top rate of income tax in Britain was recently raised to 50%, there is no thought of going back to pre-Thatcher taxes. 
But the dramatic policy changes in the US and Britain under Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher brought about such profound improvements that there is no going back.
Thus was born the Spence Commission on Growth and Development, a star-studded group of policymakers – including another Nobelist – whose final report was issued at the end of May.    
It starts with strong preconceptions about the nature of the problem: too much (or too little) government regulation, too poor governance, too little public spending on health and education, and so on.
It has no “big ideas” of its own, and at times it tries too hard to please everyone and cover all possible angles.
Yet there is more to the question than extreme cases of moral breakdown.
Palestinians are the only people of whom a majority sees less equality for people of different racial or ethnic groups, although opinion is relatively evenly divided in Nigeria, Ukraine, Azerbaijan and Russia.
In Iran, the figures were 82% and 78%, respectively. 
Words do have consequences, and what one generation says but does not really believe, the next generation may believe, and even act upon.
Many Ukrainians now hear domestic echoes of the lead-up to war in Georgia.
Many member states will worry about leaping straight to the contentious issue of ultimate membership for Ukraine, but the EU already recognizes Ukraine’s theoretical right to join once it has met the Copenhagen criteria; and it cannot be beyond EU leaders’ verbal dexterity to play up the prospect.
The decision to appoint Ukraine and Poland as co-hosts was a powerful symbol of European unity across the current EU border (Poland is a member, Ukraine is not).
Thus, the effort to contain and destroy the Islamic State has become yet another referendum on President Barack Obama's stewardship of US foreign policy.
Beyond subjugating those in the caliphate, exterminating the Shia, and gaining custodianship of Islam's holy cities in Saudi Arabia, the Islamic State ultimately embraces an apocalyptic vision, to be realized through a sectarian totalitarianism that embodies divine revelation – and thus envisions no compromise or competition.
That is what has caused his detractors to question his patriotism, a political capital offense in many countries, and nowhere more so than in America.
Unless that changes, the US will lack the strength needed to prevail over such singular threats as the Islamic State.
Indeed, though the Middle East is facing an abundance of challenges to its stability, none is as large, dangerous, and immediate as the Islamic State.
Lower oil prices help, and there are only so many banks to rob.
In Iraq, there is some evidence that its momentum has been halted; but the growing role of Iran and the Shia militias it backs all but guarantees that many Iraqi Sunnis will come to sympathize with or even support the Islamic State, whatever their misgivings.
Under such a scenario, IS would remain less a problem to be solved and more a situation to be managed.
What has happened since shows clearly what everyone knew (or should have known) all along: nothing about regime change is simple.
While oil has made a few presidents and princes staggeringly rich, the rest of the population has received little benefit.
It is no accident that religious reform in Scandinavia, Germany, England, the Netherlands, and the United States gave rise to today’s global capitalism.
But the grim reality for the Islamic world is that, in times of widespread uncertainty, the forces of tradition tend to speak more loudly and clearly than those of change.
After three decades of spectacular economic growth, many Malays have become prosperous and content not only through secular capitalism, but through the country’s renewed sense of Islamic identity, one which – for the most part – embraced modernization.
This culminated in poor electoral results for the ruling coalition in November 1999.
This trend continues. One of Badawi’s first acts after taking over as prime minister in October 2003 was to introduce the concept of Islam Hadhari.
By making Islamists and Islamist sentiments a part of the process of modernization, Malaysia demonstrates that Islamic faith and economic growth can be reconciled if politicians are clever enough not to treat them as contradictions.
Islamic radicals enjoy enough support to be a serious threat in their part of the world. It is important to understand how this happened.
Qutb was executed by the Egyptian dictator Gamal Abdel Nasser in 1966 as part of a brutal but unsuccessful attempt to eliminate the Muslim Brotherhood.
Sheik Dia al-Shakarchi, a leading Shi’ite theologian, argues that democracy is not only compatible with Islam, but is essential to it.
Indeed, in my view, democracy is not only permitted by Islam, but can be regarded as a religious rule.
Of course, the problem of Islam’s compatibility with democracy may be analyzed from different points of view.
Such a dictatorship would damage Islam by associating Islam with unjust rule and creating enemies for Islam.
Islam\u0027s Electoral Divide
But electoral competitiveness is always a necessary condition for democracy - and therefore a central consideration when evaluating a country's prospects for democratization.
By contrast, none of the 16 Arab Muslim-majority countries is an overachiever.
It makes intuitive sense that Islam cannot by itself explain such differences.
Anyone even remotely familiar with the region knows how common is the phrase "the Arab nation" ( watan ).
Multiculturalism in Britain has entrenched almost self-contained Muslim communities and turned Islam into a badge of identity to counteract exclusion.
In a way, their rebellion is the hallmark of their Britishness or Frenchness.
In Britain, too, immigrants have been changing the ethnic profile of the middle and professional classes.
Reform Judaism in Germany resulted in religious and cultural particularism yielding to a far greater degree of universalism than was envisaged at any time in the Jewish past.
The belief that the other’s religion is not Islam, and its followers not Muslim, has underpinned internecine wars in which millions have died – and continue to die.
But because we Muslims like to add qualifications that often derive from sources other than the Koran, our religion’s unity has been broken.
Today’s oppression, the killings and the humiliations of Muslims, occurs because we are weak, unlike the Muslims of the past.
Muslim scholars added to the body of knowledge and developed new disciplines, such as astronomy, geography, and new branches of mathematics. They introduced numerals, enabling simple and limitless calculations.
Many Muslims continue to ignore this and, instead, merely pray to Allah to save us, to bring back our lost glory.
Far beyond Koranic recitation, these men aspired to participate in the centuries-long discussions among Muslim scholars about the proper ordering of Muslim life.
Both conservative traditionalists and radical fundamentalists were drawn to political activism and came to regard the modern state as a means to liberate Muslims from foreign domination and to re-Islamicize society through a revival of Islam's original norms.
Adapting Islam to modern conditions was the purpose of the first generation of reformers.
This may partly reflect the Muslim community's understandable fears that associating Islam with terrorism and violence would contribute to an increase in attacks on, or discrimination against, all Muslims.
Moreover, because it is obvious to everyone that most violent extremism is being carried out in the name of Islam, avoiding the word is unlikely to prevent attacks on Muslims in response to this violence.
I am not sufficiently expert in the Islamic tradition to be confident that extremists are misinterpreting it, and few of us are.
By now, the problem with trying to counter those who seek new recruits for “violent extremism" without focusing on this extremism's Islamic basis should be clear.
Success will require a clear understanding of the roots of this ruthless network of jihadists.
By promoting the core vision of a jihad to defend the lands of Islam (Dar al-Islam) from outsiders, the CIA produced a hardened fighting force of thousands of young men displaced from their homes and stoked for battle.
Such operations have failed – repeatedly and frequently disastrously – to produce legitimate governments or even rudimentary stability.
Finally, the long-term solution to regional instability lies in sustainable development.
In short, it is a matter of meaningfulness, the presence of which motivates us, connects us to one another, and orders our lives.
If they fail, as we have seen, others will fill the void, potentially with a call for mayhem in the name of messianic futurity.
The meaning and vitality of life in a democracy cannot be allowed to fade.
On the other hand, the Islamic State has released 15 hostages, including citizens of Italy, France, Switzerland, Denmark, and Spain.
This time France stood firm, with Prime Minister Manuel Valls saying that to retreat one inch would be to hand victory to the militants.
Ransoming one Western hostage creates an incentive for militants to capture another.
As he watched the rise of the Nazis in the 1930s, Sigmund Freud described the dangerous appeal of authoritarian leaders and the satisfying self-aggrandizement that their followers experience when they subsume their personalities in an ideology or group.
Such symptoms and syndromes cannot be understood in purely economic terms, if only because they are as prevalent among the middle class as they are among the poor.
Feel the happiness we are feeling.”
On the one hand, Article 3 states that Islam is the religion of the federation, and that only Islam can be preached to Muslims.
Likewise, the defense by Malaysian civil reform movements of individuals’ freedom of conscience has been denounced by some religious leaders as an attack on Islam.
All attempts to reduce Malay influence serve to mobilize this community – in both ethnic and religious terms.
Many Muslims are wary of this brand of identity politics.
Both historically compensated for their isolation with strong central governments, powerful navies, dynamic entrepreneurship, vibrant culture, and imperial ambition.
Even the world’s great universities, from Harvard to Oxford, are seeing fewer Japanese students.
Isolationism, whether in Japan or the UK, is not only a short-sighted choice; especially for Japan, it may also be a perilous one, given the rise of China next door.
That is because both countries’ latest rush to affirm their sovereignty over the islands – called Senkaku in Japanese and Diaoyu in Chinese – reflects a sense of insecurity and a perception that the other side is taking an aggressive stand, which means that the issue is unlikely to be resolved in the foreseeable future.
Both sides urgently need to cool off, especially in order to contain their extremist elements and prevent them from taking over the issue and setting the policy agenda.
In the long run, the best outcome is a peaceful resolution to the sovereignty issue, or, barring that, a compromise that satisfies both sides’ core interests.
And inward-looking policies in Russia and Turkey, driven largely by their leaders’ egos, are unlikely to produce anything but harm.
In an interdependent world, isolation is no longer a source of pride; on the contrary, it is a cause for concern.
Such policy may be brutally effective in the short term; in the long term, it is certain to be costly for Turkey.
Today, the key confrontation in this power struggle is Syria’s civil war, where all of the region’s major players are represented either directly or indirectly, because that is where the battle for regional hegemony will largely be decided.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and his Fatah party will be unable to offer much opposition – all the more so in view of Hamas’s break with Iran (despite ongoing arms deliveries) a year ago.
Paradoxically, the position of Hamas fits the political right in Israel, because it, too, puts little stock in a two-state solution. And neither the Israeli left (of which little remains) nor Fatah is strong enough to maintain the two-state option.
The question of what to do about Iran’s nuclear program will also return with a vengeance in January, after US President Barack Obama’s second inauguration and Israel’s general election, and will demand an answer within a few months.
The UN’s Human Rights Council would not have dared to put Russia in the dock for razing Grozny, Chechnya’s capital, or China for brutally suppressing the people of Tibet and the Muslim Uighur minority.
The indifference of some European countries towards Israel’s call for help during the debate over the Goldstone report was not unrelated to their frustration at Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu’s refusal to freeze the settlements, as Obama has been insisting.
Arguably, the war in Gaza created a new kind of mutual deterrence in this war-torn region.
Nor is it clear that membership would be in the best interest of Israel, a country whose defense doctrine has been always based on self-reliance and freedom of maneuver in security matters.
The Dialogue was not exactly an edifying success, however.

In fact, the agreement is unlikely to survive 89-year-old Peres and 77-year-old Abbas, who are now presidents of Israel and the Palestinian Authority, respectively.
While killings have declined sharply in recent years, hardly a day passes without some form of violence, often against civilians – including children.
As a result, without a clear agreement on borders, Area C will witness the most serious confrontations.
The symbolic decision on statehood, followed by Abbas’s exit, will mark the end of the process that began in Oslo, and that has been undermining Palestinian aspirations for nearly two decades.
There is no other example of a nation that returned after a 2,000-year absence to a territory that it never stopped regarding as its homeland.
Indeed, never before has the question of legitimacy been so fundamental to a conflict between nations.
The idea of a bi-national Israeli-Palestinian state embodies the dangerous illusion that two peoples who are utterly different in their language, religion, culture, and history, who are divided by a deep economic chasm and connected to their own external worlds – the Palestinians to the Arab world and Israelis to the rest of world Jewry – can be combined in the framework of a single state.
PARIS – The world has recently seen a rapid succession of efforts to delegitimize Israel.
BDS is supposedly a worldwide civil-society movement embodying respect for law, democracy, and human rights.
One has only to read the declarations of Omar Barghouti, Ali Abunimah, and other promoters of the BDS movement to see that this solution is precisely what they do not want.
As do debates.
This includes making sure that people who carry out attacks, and those who aid and abet their crimes, are lawfully punished.
It mounted a demonstrably disproportionate response, killing a large number of noncombatants, including hundreds of children, and destroying thousands of homes and commercial enterprises.
That, rather than slaking the public’s thirst for vengeance, should be their primary objective.
In the 2009 election, the Kadima party, under his successor, Tzipi Livni, received one seat more than Likud, but was unable to form a government coalition. Netanyahu did, and went on to win the 2013 election.
He conducted a campaign that relied on his eloquence and charisma, as well as on scare tactics.
The arguments for and against joining the government are well known.
But the celebration is likely to be short.
Obviously, some groups have long recognized the need for sterner measures. Most notably, in 2005 Palestinians living in the diaspora and others launched the international boycotts, divestment, and sanctions (BDS) movement, with the goal of compelling Israel to stop violating international law, particularly with its settlement policies.
TEL AVIV – Forty-five years into Israel’s occupation of the Palestinian territories, and four years after Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu’s government became the undertaker of the two-state solution, an electoral campaign run in utter denial of Israel’s Palestinian conundrum has just ended with yet another Netanyahu government in office.
Demographers warn that the Jewish and Arab populations between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean will reach parity this year.
To make his point, Lapid even launched his electoral campaign in Ariel, an Israeli city built in the heartland of the Palestinian West bank.
These parties made no effort to reach out to the new regimes and the rising new generations in the public squares of the Arab world.
Nineteen other countries (or regions of countries) – mostly in Europe and North and South America – now allow gay couples to marry legally.
Another major figure in the group is Sheldon Adelson, a Las Vegas casino magnate who donates millions of dollars to Republican politicians who most actively support Israel.
You are letting them murder us, literally.”
The ad shows the extent to which the language of human rights has become politicized.
They tear societies apart, destroy the livelihoods of millions, and cause even greater conflicts, as we have seen in Iraq.
Yet re-elect him they did.
But to his constituents, emulating the racist politics of Europe’s far right was a legitimate exhortation to turn out.
Whether motivated by tribal animosities, an ideological rejection of the peace process, or cultural estrangement from Israel’s liberal elites, anyone who feels alienated – ethnically, culturally, or socially – joined Netanyahu to defeat those on the left who had usurped Jewish history and betrayed Eretz Israel.
Until last summer, Netanyahu appeared politically unassailable.
When Yair Lapid – the ambitious but inept finance minister, who leads the centrist Yesh Atid party – proposed waiving the value-added tax on first apartment purchases by young couples, Netanyahu failed to respond decisively, giving the impression that he lacked control over his own cabinet.
Even Minister of Foreign Affairs Avigdor Lieberman, head of the right-wing Yisrael Beiteinu party, is now criticizing Netanyahu for alienating the US and has suggested that he would not rule out joining a centrist government.
Such a shift would reinvigorate hope among Israelis – and not a moment too soon.
Now Palestinians have turned to knives. On the eve of the 20th anniversary of the assassination of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, the last man to have embodied a real hope for peace, is a third intifada erupting?
And who on the Palestinian side would be willing, much less able, to engage in serious negotiations with Israel’s increasingly right-wing government? There are too many rifts and weaknesses on one side, and too powerful an illusion of strength on the other, for talks to yield anything of value.
But the proposal, though certainly appealing, is not consistent with the realities of the Middle East today. Unlike European countries, which emerged from World War II so exhausted by conflict that they agreed to pool their sovereignty for the sake of peace, the countries of the Middle East are experiencing an ever-intensifying climate of nationalism, intolerance, and hatred.
Both the left and the right have been proven wrong.
Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni’s Kadima party, opposition leader Binyamin Netanyahu’s Likud party, and Defense Minister Ehud Barak’s Labor party all fall – with only secondary variations – within a centrist consensus, which also reflects a popular national consensus. 
·        To maintain deterrence and defend Israel and its citizens from cross-border attacks;
Israel’s Dangerous Political System
But the most important cause, the one that should be addressed before all others because it is eroding Israel’s very viability, is the near paralysis of the political system.
This systematic miscalculation can be explained as follows. From the 2006 war in Lebanon to the recent deadly raid on a Gaza-bound flotilla, Israeli leaders have badly appreciated the ratio between military gains and political risks, and the necessary proportionality between the two.
There will come a moment when Israel’s actions will incite people – not only the most fanatical of the country’s foes, but also the most generously inclined of its supporters – to question Israel’s essence.
Even the fact that some of the “humanitarian aid workers” turned on the soldiers with a rather un-peaceful array of knives and clubs is no justification for shooting to kill.
Israel’s current leaders, and a segment of Israeli society, are trapped in an idiosyncratic logic of fear and self-centeredness.
Moderate Israeli citizens, who had nothing to do with the flotilla fiasco, should lower their heads in shame for their government’s act.
All this is now bound to change. It is inconceivable, for example, that an Egyptian democracy, in which the Muslim Brotherhood would be a legitimate political force, would persist in Mubarak’s complicity with Israel’s siege of Hamas-controlled Gaza.
Nor is Egypt’s political discourse likely to be especially palatable to Israelis.
This is blatantly obvious in its failure to respond creatively to the Arab world’s democratic upsurge.
PARIS – It is difficult not to be struck by the contrast between the “Asian”-like energy of Israel’s economy and civil society and the purely defensive nature of its approach to political change, both within and outside the country.
But why not dream of a new strategic triangle comprising Israel, Saudi Arabia, and Turkey, just as Israelis once dreamed of a non-Arab triangle between Israel, Turkey, and the Shah’s Iran? The Turks’ appalled reaction to the Syrian regime’s brutal behavior creates an opportunity that Israel should use to try to restore the privileged relationship with Recep Tayyip Erdoğan’s government that existed before the Gaza blockade.
The gap between Israel’s rich and poor nowadays may recall Brazil, but who remembers the original Zionists’ social-democratic ideals?
They also sustained, against all odds, a democracy that, however imperfect and dysfunctional, is nonetheless amazingly vibrant.
By contrast, “Jerusalem” regards “Tel Aviv’s” drive for “normalcy” as a shallow affair, one that is almost criminally indifferent to Jewish memory and the lessons of Jewish history.
It has been a sadly recurrent condition of the Arab-Israeli conflict that no war lost by a humiliated Arab side has ever ushered in a peace settlement, just as no war overwhelmingly won by Israel has ever led its leaders to be magnanimous in victory.
But those who breathed a sigh of relief at the weakening of Netanyahu’s Likud and the country’s extreme right-wing parties should be as anxious as ever.
Either way, the country no longer resonates with the expectations, hopes, and fears of a world still focused (ever more dimly) on resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Israel has become post-modern, producing new – and sometimes startling – synergies among its avant-garde high-tech sensibility, its secular and ever more orthodox religious identities, and its overall ethno-nationalist outlook.
The new government’s fragile equilibrium only reinforces this sober interpretation.
Since Kadima and Labor will not have a majority even as coalition partners, they will have to bring in some of these groups.
The Oslo agreement in 1993 and the ensuing peace process embodied that expectation.
Finally, with the USSR gone and the United States the world’s sole superpower, the geostrategic situation had changed entirely.
They have merely concluded that politics will not bring miracles, and that the most they can expect is to keep external threats to a minimum.
These questions are important, because “fatalism” has become a major obstacle that must be overcome by anyone seriously interested in bringing peace to the region.
A majority of Israelis are even more convinced today than they were yesterday that they can count only on themselves and, at the margin, on the Jewish Diaspora.
On the other hand, there is great comfort in the status quo .
This raises the question of whether Israel’s repeated refrain that “all options are on the table” implies that even a nuclear strike is possible. Israel’s nuclear history provides no clear answer, but the future may force the issue.
As Iraq moved to complete the Osirak reactor by the early 1980’s, Israel applied diplomatic pressure and actions against foreign nuclear vendors, sabotaged atomic exports, and assassinated Iraqi scientists, before finally settling on the June 1981 air strike on the plant.
Given its efforts to fend off an attack, Iran represents a far more difficult target for Israel than Iraq and Syria did.
In the months before and after, it continued to hold war games and practice air strikes on Iran.
Given Iran’s placement of strategic sites in or near population centers, the deaths of many thousands of people would forever tar Israel.
Stop with the ‘pinpoint assassinations’ and look into the civilians’ eyes on the other side as well.”
How can Israel’s preferred Palestinian leaders, Abbas and PA Prime Minister Salam Fayyad, be left with any credible capacity to negotiate if talks cannot begin until, as Israel insists, they retreat on their minimum condition of a settlement freeze in the Occupied Territories?
It makes clear both that full UN membership remains to be determined and that final-status issues like borders, refugees, Jerusalem, and security all remain to be negotiated.
Israeli politics is undergoing its most dramatic changes in 30 years.
The former, as in Labor, believed that some day a force would emerge among Arabs and Palestinians ready to make peace on a reasonable basis; the latter, as in Likud, were more doubtful.
Sharon now needs to institutionalize his reforms, even if he now needs to establish another party to do so.
Sharon might decide on partial withdrawals and dismantling of settlements on the West Bank.
The Observer State of Palestine
More and more Palestinians, fed up with the futility of what is still called the “peace process,” believe that Fatah’s fierce rival, Hamas, the Islamist movement that rules Gaza, has more effective ways to break the current impasse.
On the contrary, shared hardship usually strengthens the ties between citizens and their rulers.
Israeli policies are not genocidal, as some commentators, not always free from anti-Semitic animus, like to claim.
PARIS – The war in Iraq – which led in 2003 to the fall of Saddam Hussein’s regime – had one clear winner: Iran.
The answer, of course, is no.
One may disagree with this Euro-centric interpretation, but what is clear is that the Muslim Middle East will be too preoccupied with internecine struggle to worry about the Palestinians or the existence of Israel.
Nor does it mean that Israel can do whatever it wants, whenever and wherever it wants.
Israeli leaders must adjust their long-term strategic thinking to the new Middle East that ultimately emerges from the current disarray.
His Belgian colleague, Filip Dewinter, represents a Flemish nationalist party tainted by wartime collaboration with the Nazis.
Instead, he found eager supporters among pious Protestants, for whom Jews belonged in their own holy land rather than in Europe.
Contrary to what the Nobel Prize-winning author José Saramago once said, the Israeli army’s attacks in Gaza are not comparable in any way to Auschwitz.
If the Israelis, or the Palestinians, are like Nazis, then the horror of what the real Nazis did has been greatly diminished.
Benjamin Netanyahu’s right-wing Likud Party and the even harder right Avigdor Lieberman and his Yisrael Beiteinu (Israel is Our Home) party achieved a dominant result that saw Labor, the dominant party throughout Israel’s history, consigned to a lowly fourth place.
It follows two controversial wars (although the current nominees were not directly involved in the 2006 war with Hezbollah).
This challenge has become more interesting with European countries’ willingness to deal with a united Palestinian government that includes Hamas’ Hanieh.
जलवायु परिवर्तन का समाधान

Italy and Spain offered credible fiscal and growth-oriented reforms, and the European Central Bank, with Germany’s backing, promised intervention as needed to stabilize the banking sector and sovereign-debt markets.
External investors may not be rushing for the exits, but they are not piling in, either.
Monti attempted to address this, but moving from the current equilibrium to a better one, in which tax evasion is the exception rather than the norm, is a long-term project.
Obviously, in the context of the eurozone, this is not an option.
In the eurozone, for the most part, national governments separately choose investment levels in infrastructure, education, research, and technology.
Italy’s Return to Political Paralysis
This may seem strange, given the antagonism between Romano Prodi and Silvio Berlusconi during the electoral campaign.
The new government will face formidable challenges.
As if this was not enough, Prodi will face another problem.
As a result, Italy will soon return to its older tradition of short-lived governments and unstable coalitions.
With 11,500 students, that is more than $1.5 million per student (not including the university’s buildings and art collection, each worth many billions of dollars more).
Can his consistent performance really be attributed to luck?
There seems to be a pattern.
But, in fact, he has done consistently well in both the short term and the long term.
And he is certainly not a defeatist.
In the 1970s, the economist Rudi Dornbusch (and reality) taught us that that was wrong: a floating-rate regime capitalizes expected future differences in nominal interest rates minus inflation rates into today’s exchange rate.
Moreover, Europe lacks the governance institutions needed to choose the easiest path to manage economic rebalancing: moderate inflation in the north, rather than grinding deflation and universal bankruptcy in the south.
Rather than see the 30% euro appreciation that would follow from the ECB’s current monetary policy, German exporters would scream for measures to prevent America’s “competitive devaluation,” finally bringing about moderate inflation in the north rather than the current grinding depression in the south.
For many, the true marvel of the digital age is its creation of a parallel universe.
The “Internet of Things” is connecting simple household items – like a thermostat – to the Web, helping owners to save money and even reduce their carbon emissions.
Who is speaking out for them? Most households stand to gain from the continuation of the ICT revolution.
But back in 1993 there was one exception – one senior Republican officeholder and policy intellectual who did not forget his policy commitments of earlier years: US Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan.
The six problems that confronted me and others when we arrived in Washington in 1993 have not been solved. The long-run fiscal situation remains discouraging, if not as dire as we feared it would become.
On one side, there are warnings that robots will displace humans in the economy, destroying livelihoods, especially for low-skill workers.
Globalization hurt lower-skill workers in places like the United States, as it enabled people from faraway countries to compete for the leg-and-finger positions in the global division of labor.
Computers mean that higher-skill workers – and the lower-skill workers who remain to oversee the large robotic factories and warehouses – can spend their time on more valuable activities, assisted by computers that demand little.
What really matters is whether the jobs outside of the robot-computer economy – jobs involving people’s mouths, smiles, and minds – remain valuable and in high demand.
And they saw an economy growing considerably faster than North Atlantic economies had when they possessed the same absolute and relative economy-wide productivity levels.
Its economy-wide relative productivity level has since declined, with two decades of malaise eliminating the pressures to upgrade in agriculture, distribution, and other services.
Thus, the Japanese economy’s potential annual growth rate slowed by roughly an additional two percentage points at the beginning of the 1990’s, as the post-WWII development model lost its steam.
BERKELEY – Before 2008, I taught my students that the United States was a flexible economy.
What we have seen since 2008 is that Japan is not an exception.
Others blame a global investment shortfall driven by a lack of technological opportunities.
WARSAW – Over the past 60 years, the project of European integration has confronted many challenges: post-war economic hardships, the heavy yoke of communism, and the uncertain footing of the post-Cold War world.
European industry is afflicted by similar problems.
This approach is a colossal waste of money.
And, after six decades of meddling, EU policymakers should step back and consider which restrictions have become harmful or irrelevant, and how better to support the entrepreneurs and industries of the future.
Most of the other half are not doing badly, either.
While we do not know what might have happened were policies different, one can easily imagine that, absent quantitative easing in the United States, Europe, and Japan, those economies would have been mired in a deflationary post-crisis landscape akin to that of the 1930s.
As Rodrigo Vergara, Governor of the Central Bank of Chile, observed in his prepared remarks at Jackson Hole, large currency depreciations in many emerging markets (most notably some oil and commodity producers) since the spring of 2013 have been associated with a rise in inflationary pressures in the face of wider output gaps.
Next month, when jailed Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo receives the Nobel Peace Prize, attention will be drawn away from the more encouraging aspects of what China’s leaders like to call their country’s “rise,” and toward their persistent mistreatment of its most outspoken citizens.
His three-year-old son was lucky to recover quickly after he and 300,000 other children fell ill after drinking the adulterated milk in 2008.
After all, the same Chinese leaders who reject Liu’s calls for political reform argue that what Chinese citizens really want are not “Western-style” rights, but basic necessities – clean water, economic opportunities, safe food – that allow their families to prosper, and which China’s own homegrown political system can adequately protect.
Kill and Let Die
Later, he championed the drone-strike strategy that he has used to “kill bad guys” without charge or trial.
So was al-Awlaki’s 16-year-old son, who was deliberately killed by a drone strike two weeks later.
The book No Easy Day, written by a team member, is a bestseller.
America’s violation of domestic and international law – and the bodies of innocents mown down by drones or operatives – are all too real.
According to this view, if markets do not fully internalize all of the costs of private action – environmental pollution is a classic example – some “optimal” tax or subsidy supposedly can correct the problem.
On this issue, Buchanan was, unfortunately, prescient –&#160;and well before financial crisis and deep recession led to yet another jump in the size and scope of government, accompanied by large deficits and exploding debt in the United States, Europe, and Japan.
But the gap between textbook solutions drawn up in universities and think tanks and the reality on the ground can be vast.
The success rate was so poor (a tiny percentage of participants got targeted jobs) that the Labor Department’s Inspector General recommended shutting it down – and this at a time of massive unemployment, with firms listing millions of job openings but unable to find workers with the required skills.


Unfortunately, their lofty rhetoric often rings hollow.
With a few keystrokes, small companies selling Polish antiques, traditional Bavarian costumes, and Spanish shoes have burst out of their home markets and reached consumers around the globe.
A growing volume of trade is conducted in bits and bytes that flow over the Internet.
Such regulation, it is argued, would facilitate the emergence of European Internet platforms and guarantee “open access” to users.
Indeed, letting the Internet blossom not only makes good business sense; it might also help to restore voters’ waning faith in the European project.
Big banks’ boards are supine for three main reasons.
And, five years after the largest financial crisis in almost 80 years, one can count the number of properly qualified board members – across all megabanks – on the fingers of one hand.
Instead, regulators stand idly by while bank boards remain self-perpetuating clubs, with membership regarded as little more than so much social plumage.
NEW YORK – With Russian troops occupying Ukrainian territory and the Chinese Navy inhabiting Philippine territorial waters in the South China Sea, the world is now entering a dangerous time warp.
Now, however, with China rising, global power rebalancing, and the US worn down by two decade-long wars that have eroded its credibility, the postwar international order is under intense strain.
The EU’s twenty-first-century dream now confronts the nineteenth-century Czarist bear, flashing its atavistic claws on the Russia-Ukraine border.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, growing ever stronger, is acting with impunity.
First, we must focus on the four million civilians trapped inside Syria and cut off from aid.
This would make a huge difference, especially when coordinated with aid packages that are delivered to border crossings.
Erdoğan and the Paradox of Populism
Rather, populism is a thoroughly moralized conception of politics, and a populist is a politician who claims that he or she – and only he or she – truly represents the people, thus relegating all political opponents to the role of iniquitous pretenders.
It is often said that populists cannot govern, or will be exposed as incompetent, when elected to office.
If only one party truly represents the people, why should the state not become the instrument of the people? And when populists have an opportunity to write a new constitution, why should they not ride roughshod over any opposition, which, by definition, must comprise the enemies of the people (who often are accused of being foreign agents)?
Unfortunately, the moves against Golden Dawn are mostly identified with the government’s interests, rather than being perceived as the result of careful, independent judgment.
But a ban might not have halted the German people’s general disenchantment with liberal democracy, and an authoritarian regime still might have followed.
But parties that seek to exclude or subordinate a part of “the people” – for example, legal immigrants and their descendants – are violating core democratic principles.
Nor is it always the case that mainstream parties can cut off support for extremists by selectively coopting their complaints and demands.
Economic integration is a hot topic in the region.
To hope for a unified currency in Asia seems almost like hoping for the region’s own Greek crisis.
To answer this question, US and Japanese policymakers should rely on the “calculus of participation,” which dictates that the first step in choosing whether to join an international initiative or regime is to consider the last step in the process: the outcome.
As it stands, the misallocation of capital and poor investment decisions in China raise serious risks, which increasingly seem to be on par with those in the US that triggered the 2008 financial crisis.
It may be, as some Japanese colleagues tell me, that newly elected Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, despite his deeply conservative nationalist background and instincts, is ultimately a realist who will do what it takes – no doubt with the help of pressure from the United States – to defuse these tensions.
In 2007, his national security adviser told a colleague of mine, “All of this is the work of Korean leftists: there’s nothing to it.”
It is possible to argue – as many Japanese do – that much of the negative reaction by Japan’s neighbors has been driven by cynical nationalist considerations.
Leadership of that quality has been a long time coming in Japan.
At the start of Koizumi’s government, 8.4% of bank loans in Japan were non-performing.
Despite the parlous fiscal position, for now the market for Japanese government bonds (JGBs) remains stable.
And new demands for fiscal expenditures are expected to grow as the country ages.
But Kan still seems unwilling to focus on growth.
Now, thanks to bad policies, and even worse politicians, it ranks among the world’s also-rans.
That is why Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has made constitutional reform a high priority.
Amendments require a two-thirds majority in both chambers of the Diet, and a majority in a popular referendum, making Japan’s constitution one of the world’s most difficult to revise.
Even if Abe manages to relax the amendment requirements – no easy feat, given the likelihood that a popular referendum would reveal weak public support – he will probably have to leave the change to his successor.
Indeed, we now not only have the authority to act, but a clear and definitive message from the electorate that we must do so.
But we also need to enable and encourage more Japanese women to participate in the workforce, whether at the beginning of their careers, or after choosing to have and raise children.
But we also know that the political space that we have secured is too precious to be squandered.
That is the oath I will be making as I assume leadership of Japan for the coming electoral term.
The power of generosity can be disarming.
Words similar to those he used to address the subject of America’s war dead would demonstrate that Japan does not intend to rewrite history, and that Abe feels repentant toward not only its US ally, but also its neighbors in Asia.
In doing so, they turned an unbalanced global economy into the Petri dish of the greatest experiment in the modern history of economic policy.
Despite the abject failure of Japan’s approach, the rest of the world remains committed to using monetary policy to cure structural ailments.
What central banks cannot achieve with traditional tools can now be accomplished through the circuitous channels of wealth effects in asset markets or with the competitive edge gained from currency depreciation.
Unsurprisingly, the wealth effects of monetary easing worked largely for the wealthy, among whom the bulk of equity holdings are concentrated.
In the meantime, politicians are lulled into a false sense of complacency that undermines their incentive to confront the structural challenges they face.
And the financial markets' most likely reaction will be a simple yawn.
Indeed, if current trends persist, the debt held neither by the BOJ nor other government-related entities could be down to 65% of GDP by 2017.
The Japanese authorities are thus doing what former US Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernanke proposed in 2003 – using monetized fiscal deficits to put spending power directly into the hands of companies and households.
Japan was already one the world's richest countries in 1990, and its per capita income has continued to grow, albeit slowly.
The reason is clear: Abe is determined to pass a set of national security bills allowing a reinterpretation of Japan’s constitution that enables the country to play a greater role not only in enhancing its own security, but also in advancing world peace.
Japan became the world’s second-ranking industrial power, and almost all Japanese enjoyed lifestyles and levels of social security that their parents could never have imagined.
In the decades since, both the Soviet government and the Russian government of President Boris Yeltsin periodically engaged in diplomatic efforts to end their country’s estrangement from Japan.
These initiatives reflect Japan’s recognition that the global framework that has kept the peace, and created opportunities for prosperity, for ever more countries – including China – is under threat.
At the same time, the ancient sense of cultural superiority that runs in Chinese veins makes feelings of inferiority hard to bear.
So how should Japan respond? Should Japan fight fire with fire?
This attitude contributed to inattention by Japan's political, administrative, academic, and media elite toward China's unlawful advance toward Japanese territories and neighboring waters, including Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ).
But, ultimately, the effectiveness - and hence the success - of such a strategy will depend on how Japan positions itself in the region, especially in the relationship with China.
Kan became finance minister after his predecessor Hirohisa Fujii suddenly resigned, citing ill health.
But now that his party is in power and must face the reality of running the second largest economy in the world, and coping with its huge debt burden, he is tossing aside his long-held views, broaching the subject of tax increases to help close the government’s gaping budget deficit.
Japan ’s consumption tax (essentially the same as VAT in Europe) was introduced in 1989 at a rate of 3%, and increased to 5% in 1997, after heated political battles.
What is needed, and badly, is a nonpartisan body to find a sustainable way to pay for the country’s social security programs.
By virtually any measure, official Japanese debt is the highest in the world.
But, given Japan’s aging population, how long can that continue?
The government must not overestimate how much revenue can be gained by the consumption-tax increase, and thus how much of the budget hole can be closed. Moreover, it has so far shrugged off any concern that the tax increase might have a chilling effect on consumption, and thus on economic growth.
The unity with which the Japanese population met last year’s disaster demonstrated once again that, when called upon, the national spirit can work miracles.
Indeed, domestic politicking seems to be at least as important to Japan’s leaders as to South Koreas’s or China’s.
Fixated on the promise of an ever growing Chinese market, they give little thought to the stability of the region.
Far from endorsing Japanese lack of sensitivity, active Western political engagement – for its own credibility in Asia – must convey that Japan’s future depends on gaining the trust of the region.
Prime Minister Naoto Kan has been elected President of the ruling Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ), surviving a challenge from Ichiro Ozawa, the DPJ’s most potent behind-the-scenes power broker.
That increase would enable Treasury mandarins to maintain their latitude in setting fiscal policy, while making it unnecessary to streamline special-account budget financing for gargantuan public corporations, into which retiring bureaucrats parachute for lucrative jobs.
Kan’s status quo approach to alliance management won’t hold up long, because Hatoyama’s bungling has inflated Okinawans’ expectations about evicting the Marines. The current governor will likely block any construction to relocate a base on the island, exercising a de facto veto, particularly with the gubernatorial election due in late November.
Appeasing Ozawa, however, is contrary to public sentiment and detrimental to the DPJ’s hopes of regaining popular support.
This reflected a ‘feudal’ like corporatist approach, in which the direct relationship between the citizen and the state played no role.
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Kan has not shown any talent for turning himself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership.
A half-century of reporting on internal LDP rivalries unrelated to actual policy has turned Japan’s reporters into the world’s greatest connoisseurs of political factionalism. It has also left them almost incapable of recognizing actual policy initiatives when they see them.
But the risks that seaside reactors like Fukushima face from natural disasters are well known.
Because reactors located inland put serious strain on local freshwater resources – including greater damage to plant life and fish – water-stressed countries that are not landlocked try to find suitable seashore sites.
France likes to showcase its nuclear power industry, which supplies 78% of the country’s electricity.
While the appeal of nuclear power has declined considerably in the West, it has grown among the so-called “nuclear newcomers,” which brings with it new challenges, including concerns about proliferation of nuclear weapons.
But, despite its recent poor performance, Japan retains impressive power resources.
Japan also became the world’s largest creditor and largest donor of foreign aid.
Moreover, its culture (both traditional and popular), overseas development assistance, and support of international institutions provide resources for soft, or attractive, power.
For example, China has blocked Japan’s efforts to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
Even South Korean newspapers have been full of praise for the self-discipline of ordinary Japanese in dire circumstances.
An important aspect of culture is the use of language.
But it might also lead to necessary changes.
But it was this system that produced the problems now associated with TEPCO.
PARIS – Forget what you have heard about the hard-working Japanese salaryman: since the early 1990’s, the Japanese have drastically slackened their work habits.
Japan’s powerful bureaucrats, nostalgic for the 1960’s model of development, whereby government and its business cronies nurtured the Japanese miracle, strongly opposed this bold, free-market solution.
Have the Japanese people opted for it?
Hatoyama’s talk about a “new age,” which sounds strange from a Western perspective, is in harmony with the Japanese way: this is a country where thousands of cult leaders offer myriad paths to Happiness, in particular a glib mishmash of New Age and Zen Buddhism.
Hard questions are not to be asked, and straightforward answers are considered too rude and crude to be given.
Those were the days of sharply rising incomes, when Japanese households could increase their consumption rapidly while adding significant amounts to their savings.
The combination of low household saving and substantial government dissaving would normally force a country to borrow from the rest of the world.
With a debt-to-GDP ratio of 200%, the higher interest rate would eventually raise the government’s interest bill by about 4% of GDP.
The result in Japan would then be rising real interest rates as the low private saving rate runs head-on into large fiscal deficits.
Together with other factions, Tanaka commanded a majority within the LDP and remained the party’s kingmaker and string-puller in successive LDP governments, perfecting the LDP’s quasi-social-democratic combination of export-led growth and pork-barrel wealth redistribution.
Unsurprisingly, as Koizumi’s reforms stalled, and as LDP governments under Prime Ministers Shinzo Abe, Yasuo Fukuda, and Taro Aso ran adrift, Ozawa-proposed wealth redistribution captured the hearts and minds not only of rural voters, but also of city dwellers displeased at the fraying social-safety net.
In Japan’s season of political discontent, it seems that there is nothing new under the sun.
And yet, visitors to Tokyo today see prosperity everywhere.
Old people have retreated to villages, many growing their own food, their children having long abandoned them for the cities.
Unfortunately, as well as Japan has held up until now, it still faces profound challenges.
Investors who have bet against Japan in the past have been badly burned, grossly underestimating the Japanese people’s remarkable flexibility and resilience.
They also want to stop Abe from dismantling and privatizing one of their central fiefdoms, the Social Security Agency. In this struggle, the mandarins are aligning themselves with the DPJ, at least to the general public’s eye, because it has proposed merging the Social Security Agency with the National Tax Agency, a move that would ensure government jobs for the former’s employees.
Koizumi had real successes in these reform efforts, which significantly transformed a malfunctioning Japanese state that was in the grip of pork-barrel LDP politicians, bureaucrats, and big business elites.
The DPJ, now temporarily aligned with low-profile bureaucrats behind the scene, can now either obstruct any bill in the Upper House that is sponsored by Abe’s administration, thereby cornering him into dissolving the Lower House, or they can engage in meticulous deliberations in the Diet in the hope of demonstrating to the electorate their fitness to govern.
But, rather like the election of the first black president of the United States, it was fizzing with popular expectations, promising a fundamental shift from the past.
Japan’s one-party state, under the conservative LDP, was a product of World War II and the Cold War.
Japanese governments could devote their energy to building up the country’s industrial wealth, while the US took care of security, and by extension much of Japan’s foreign policy.
But it is a very different world from the one left in ruins in 1945.
If the US is as serious about promoting freedom abroad as it claims, it should not be hindering one of its closest ally’s efforts to strengthen its democracy.
Although there have been numerous initiatives to investigate its war guilt, especially its occupation of China, there has not yet been an official effort comparable to what the Germans undertook to take collective responsibility for their war crimes.
The damaged bilateral relationship has only made China’s desire for a “peaceful rise” more uncertain.
जापान ऐतिहासिक दृष्टि से दुनिया के मामलों में अपनी क्षमता से अधिक ऊँचे मुकाम पर पहुँचा है। उन्नीसवीं सदी के उत्तरार्ध में, जापान एशिया की पहली आधुनिक आर्थिक सफलता की कहानी बन गया है। मांचू-शासित चीन और तानाशाही वाले रूस को दो अलग-अलग युद्धों में हरा देने के बाद यह एशिया की पहली आधुनिक वैश्विक सैन्य शक्ति बन गया है। द्वितीय विश्व युद्ध में करारी हार होने और संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका द्वारा कब्ज़ा कर लिए जाने के बाद भी, जापान भारी आर्थिक सफलताएँ हासिल करने में कामयाब रहा, और 1980 के दशक तक यह वैश्विक औद्योगिक शक्ति का केंद्र बन गया था, एशिया ने इससे पहले ऐसा कभी कुछ नहीं देखा था।
अधिक आत्मविश्वासी और सुरक्षित जापान से निश्चित रूप से अमेरिका के हित ही परवान चढ़ेंगे जो स्वयं अपनी सुरक्षा और क्षेत्रीय शांति दोनों के लिए और अधिक जिम्मेदारी ले सकेगा। प्यू सर्वेक्षण में 47% उत्तरदाताओं ने एशियाई सुरक्षा में जापान की अधिक सक्रिय भूमिका का समर्थन किया है जिससे पता चलता है कि अमेरिकी लोग इस बात को अच्छी तरह से समझने लग गए हैं।
The question is whether Abenomics 2.0 will put Japan’s economy back on the path to renewed prosperity.
When I first started asking my Japanese academic friends about Abe’s supply-side reforms, they said, “Don’t worry, they’re coming.”
But the big picture remains: Abenomics so far has failed to turn around a deflationary mindset.
Postponing the second consumption-tax increase seems like a good compromise between pushing Abenomics to escape velocity and maintaining long-run credibility.
Japan’s opposition parties offered no convincing alternative to the Abe government’s policies.
But three other actors also played important roles in securing Abe’s victory.
The current problem facing Abenomics, as it aims to save Japan’s economy from deflation, is that wage hikes have not kept pace with the April 2014 consumption-tax increase (from 5% to 8%) or the rise in import prices associated with a weaker yen.
America’s Bickering Asian Allies
Intelligence sharing is a case in point.
The timing could not be better, as rising security fears are altering public perceptions.
Boosting technical interoperability also will take considerable time, though both countries maintain sophisticated defense forces with great potential to be linked together.
Japan is once again saddled with a caretaker government as the ruling Liberal Democrat Party (LDP) scrambles for a new leader with an election to the lower house of the Diet looming. The question is: who or what has been careless?
The LDP and the DPJ are now debating how to manage rising inflation at a time of falling living standards and deepening economic polarization within society – the latter a legacy of former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi’s market-oriented reforms of 2001-2006.
His charisma dissipated public resistance, as his battle cry – “Demolish the LDP” – seemed to promise that politicians would also pay a price for change.
Should the DPJ gain a plurality and forge a coalition with the country’s far-left parties, the outcome would be ceaseless instability.
Given this recognition and remorse, we Japanese have believed for decades that we must do all that we can to contribute to Asia’s development.
Today, the US and Japan recognize that they must continue to take the lead in fostering a rules-based international economic order – fair, dynamic, and sustainable – within which all countries can flourish, free from the arbitrary intentions of any national government.
Twenty years ago, I myself opposed opening Japan’s agricultural market.
In short, Japan is in the midst of a far-reaching transition to a more open future.
Adding these partners to the central pillar of the US-Japan alliance will strengthen stability throughout the region.
Once these legal changes – the most sweeping in our post-war history – are in place by this summer, Japan will be better able to provide a seamless response for all levels of crisis.
TOKYO – Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was on a six-day tour of Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Israel, and Palestine, when the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) posted a video online threatening to murder two Japanese hostages, Haruna Yukawa and Kenji Goto, if his government did not pay $200 million within 72 hours.
And, to some extent, their expectation was met; some opposition members of Japan’s Diet tweeted that Abe should cancel the promised aid.
Only three hostages and one Israeli commando – Yonatan Netanyahu, the elder brother of current Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu – were killed in the operation.
Fortunately, Abe – whose efforts to rescue Japanese citizens abducted by North Korea fueled his political rise – seems to recognize the need for change.
But the one thing about which everyone seems to agree is the theoretically and empirically unjustified assumption that an equilibrium exchange rate actually exists.
At the end of the 1980’s, some analysts thought rates as high as 120 might finally produce the long-sought equilibrium.
While an appreciating currency might eventually drive labor-intensive manufacturers out of business, if Japan’s economic history is any guide, they are likely to be replaced by producers of things like ships, machine tools, semiconductors, and doubtless new products yet to be invented.
How did Asia’s boom fade so quickly? Economics is supposedly a cold-blooded subject.
Reckless lending is undermining efficient allocation of capital and preventing China from drawing a line under the investment- and export-led growth model of the past three decades and basing future growth more on domestic consumption.
Elsewhere in Asia, including in China, the debate is only beginning.
Instead, today’s poorly regulated financial sectors – China is the biggest culprit – misprice capital.
In some ways, the bilateral relationship is already moving in a positive direction, especially on the economic front.
All of this highlights a fundamental flaw in China’s external strategy: its efforts to use its increasingly powerful military to intimidate its neighbors come at the expense of its own long-term security.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe echoed this sentiment, declaring that Japan will play a larger role in safeguarding regional security, including by providing patrol ships, training, and military surveillance equipment to countries engaged in territorial disputes with China.
Wang’s visit thus is coming at a time of fundamental redefinition of Sino-Indian relations.
The US and NATO would prefer to avoid an abrupt and complete withdrawal – a preference that Afghanistan’s neighbors share, fearing that any resulting disorder would spill over their borders.
Although India has been a functioning democracy for almost seven decades, its government remains plagued by corruption and inefficiency.
Interestingly, India’s election commission has introduced a “none of the above” option to the ballot for this election, following a ruling by the Supreme Court last year.
But the Americans are intent on withdrawal, and no other country is willing to assume the responsibilities that they are relinquishing.
Meanwhile, India has been attempting to counter-balance Pakistan’s influence with the Taliban by providing investment, military training, aid, and other support to the Afghan government.
But back in 2001, Iran’s government, led by reformist President Mohammad Khatami, essentially consented to the US invasion of Afghanistan, even providing discreet assistance.
Nearby Russia is increasingly a one-man-show under President Vladimir Putin, who seems intent on refighting the Cold War with the US, rather than constructing viable strategic relationships that reflect Russia’s diminished reality.
TOKYO – A country’s foreign policy is supposed to be aimed, first and foremost, at advancing its national interest.
The current dispute in the East China Sea over the Japanese-controlled Senkaku Islands (the Diaoyu Islands in China) would likely be less tense if the atrocities of the Sino-Japanese War were not rehashed so often in contemporary Chinese life.
East Asia, in particular, has experienced an unprecedented surge in intra-regional trade, investment, and even tourism over the last two decades.
The good news is that Abe has shown signs of this kind of courage.
Given this, free riders (those who enjoy the benefits of the good without investing in its provision) are likely to be plentiful.
Enter this month’s European Council meeting: on December 19-20, heads of state and government from the EU’s 28 member countries will convene to discuss the Common Security and Defense Policy (CSDP).
As national budgets shrink under the effects of austerity, the EU should review member states’ spending on security.
Europe and an increasingly unstable world need a viable framework for global security.
Development of unconventional oil and gas supported 2.1 million jobs and contributed $74 billion in tax revenues and royalty payments to government coffers in 2012.
If one region’s economy falters, all countries feel the effects.
Especially in Germany, the Energiewende (the shift away from nuclear energy following the Fukushima catastrophe in 2011) has led to an increase in coal consumption.
Just last month, Dmitri Medvedev’s first visit to China as Russia’s prime minister resulted in a ten-year, $85 billion oil-supply deal for the state-owned energy giant Rosneft.
Cheap energy sources, however, can eventually come at a high price, albeit with a politically tricky time lag.
By moving to annex Crimea, Putin, supported massively – thus far – by domestic public opinion, seems to be ending the post-imperial frustration of the past two decades.
Russia needs Ukraine if it is to build the so-called Eurasian Union, the economic bloc that Putin is seeking with Kazakhstan and Belarus.
The EU Association Agreement threatened none of Russia’s interests, whether economic or cultural.
Second, given that the risk of conflict is greatest in Ukraine’s Russophone east, an OSCE mission should be deployed there to ensure stability, security, and respect for minorities, and to condemn, if necessary, violations of specified commitments.
He and Russia will suffer international isolation, while Ukrainians are likely to become even more insistent on choosing their own path.
Netanyahu has made Iran’s nuclear program his highest foreign-policy priority.
Saudi Arabia seeks the overthrow of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and believes that America’s agreement with Russia to destroy the Assad regime’s chemical weapons amounts to renunciation of that goal.
But the episode sets a dangerous precedent.
Negotiation and diplomacy are the only sure way to resolve the standoff with Iran over its nuclear program.
On July 14, France’s national holiday, which this year marked the 225th anniversary of the storming of the Bastille, Algerian soldiers paraded down the Champs-Élysées for the first time since Algeria’s war for independence a half-century ago, a moving symbol of historic transcendence.
Indeed, today’s Europe can no longer be the two-country affair – if it ever was that ‒ of 30 years ago.
Just as Germany took a step forward by giving up its Deutshce Mark in favor of the euro, France must evolve beyond the classical framework of the nation-state.
Liberty, equality, and fraternity are enemies of the nationalist, extremist, and europhobic visions benighting Europe today.
Still, there have already been significant changes, and the region is advancing – though the destination remains unknown.
Tunisia adopted its new constitution on January 27, thus clearing the way for what will be the most secular and fairest elections in any of the region’s countries.
Political pluralism cannot be imposed.
Twenty-five years after the fall of the Berlin Wall, and 23 years after the disintegration of Yugoslavia, the post-communist transition is still incomplete.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has been studying the phenomenon since 1988.
In a globalized world, for example, citizens of nation-states might wonder (as many have) why a financial crisis a hemisphere away causes their countries’ banks to collapse abruptly.
Top-down governance approaches have been useful, showing the willingness of some of the historical greenhouse-gas emitters to accept remedial responsibility.
We need to open our eyes, recognize the crack in the foundation, and face our responsibility to fix it.
But that is no longer the case – a reality that is reflected in the international community’s muddled responses to similar territorial breaches today.
Worse, given their frequent unwillingness to accommodate one another’s interests, impasses – even clashes – become likely.
European politics are, too, undergoing a potentially significant transition, with the new European Commission set to commence operations, against a worrying background of rising nationalism in European Union member states.
How the coalition will be organized and what results it will achieve remain to be seen.
In South and East Asia, democracies outnumber dictatorships by 17 to six.
The Belgians were particularly brutal in Congo. The Spanish and Portuguese ravaged Latin America.
However, following the industrial revolution in northwestern Europe, the colonization of much of Asia, and the Opium Wars in China, their relative positions switched. By the 1950’s, Asia’s share of global GDP had fallen to less than 20%.
Many of the world’s largest cities, built on seacoasts and rivers, face the threat of rising sea levels and intensifying storms.
They are the ones responsible for providing safe water, garbage collection, safe housing, infrastructure, upgraded slums, protection from disasters, and emergency services when catastrophes hit.
Achieving these three goals will require good governance, public finance, and effective institutions.
Cities need to upgrade their governance, to allow for a greater role for poorer and more marginalized communities, and to enable much more effective coordination across city lines when a metropolitan area is home to many individual cities.
Winning the Fight Against Killer Diseases
TB was also running out of control, with a massive disease burden in both Asia and Africa.
At the international AIDS conference in Durban, South Africa, in July 2000, I described why a new global fund was needed to fight AIDS.
Over the objection of the aid skeptics, the Global Fund provided financial support for massive free distribution of bed nets, diagnostics, and medicines to address malaria.
The world has benefited enormously from the triumph of generosity, professionalism, common decency, and good sense.
May they, and we, choose life.
The choice seems obvious, but our actions speak louder than words.
For example, we can design our buildings to use sunlight and natural-air circulation so that they require far less commercial energy for heating, cooling, and ventilation.
Yet politicians are pursuing none of these policies adequately.
Kevin Rudd, the former Australian prime minister, tried to implement a clean-energy policy in his coal-producing country.
Not only will they have saved the planet for the next generation; they will also enjoy sunshine and clean, healthy air.
And the fourth is economic: to lay claim to a larger share of North Sea oil and gas.
Both accepted the division, and, knowing that their future lay within the EU, focused their attention on accession.
In this scenario, a financial panic could indeed be provoked, and both Scotland and the RUK would suffer economically.
Even if Scotland declares independence, it will – and should continue to be – bound by a dense web of European and global rules and responsibilities.


ईबोला कम से कम चार पश्चिमी अफ्रीकी देशों (गिनी, लाइबेरिया, सिएरा लियोन, और नाइजीरिया) में एक भयानक महामारी बन गया है जिसे फैलने से रोकने के लिए न केवल आपातकालीन कार्रवाई किया जाना जरूरी है; बल्कि वैश्विक जन स्‍वास्‍थ्‍य के बारे में कुछ मूल धारणाओं पर पुनर्विचार किया जाना भी जरूरी है। हम एक ऐसे युग में रह रहे हैं जहाँ ऐसे संक्रामक रोग उभरते हैं और बारंबार उभरते हैं, जो वैश्विक नेटवर्कों के ज़रिए तुरंत फैल सकते हैं। अत: इस वास्तविकता को देखते हुए हमें इसी के अनुरूप वैश्विक रोग-नियंत्रण प्रणाली की आवश्‍यकता है। सौभाग्‍य से एक प्रणाली मौजूद है, बशर्ते हम उसमें उपयुक्त तरीके से निवेश कर सकें।


The United States, for example, will “concede” a little bit of CO2 reduction if China will do the same.
But neither the US nor China is ready to sacrifice millions of jobs and trillions of dollars to do so.
Lackner is a world leader in new CCS strategies.
They should take their cue from other cases in which government, scientists, and industry teamed up to produce major changes.
So, yes, let the upcoming climate negotiations spell out shared actions by the US, China, Europe, and others.
What is stopping them is the belief that the US or some other outside power (such as Russia) will deliver a decisive victory on their behalf.
The US supported the 1968 coup that brought the Ba’ath Party – and Saddam – to power.
Yet whenever a new Middle East crisis erupts, the latest being triggered by the Islamic State’s recent gains, the US intervenes again, perhaps to change a government (as it has just orchestrated in Iraq) or to launch a new bombing assault.
I am not claiming that all will be well if the US and other powers pull back.
The last chance for action has arrived.
Global fossil-fuel use gravely threatens the poor, who are the most vulnerable to climate change (though the rich are the main cause), and future generations, who will inherit a planet that has become unlivable in many places, with food supply subject to massive shocks.
Though the Murdoch propaganda machine churns out a daily stream of anti-scientific falsehoods, the public also sees prolonged droughts (now in parts of Brazil, California, and Southeast Asia, to name a few places), massive floods (recently in Bosnia and Serbia), and lethal heat waves (in many parts of the world).
Fifth, the Paris negotiations are finally beginning to attract global attention from both the public and world leaders.
International use of the dollar to hold foreign-exchange reserves, denominate financial transactions, invoice trade, and as a vehicle in currency markets is below its level during the heyday of the Bretton Woods era, from 1945 to 1971.
Interestingly, the periods when the public is most concerned about the issue do not coincide with the periods when the dollar’s share in international transactions is in fact falling.
Similarly, the Bank for International Settlements (BIS) reported in its recent triennial survey that the dollar’s share in the world’s foreign-exchange trades rose from 85% in 2010 to 87% in 2013.
To try to explain the recent stabilization of the dollar’s status, one might note something that the last three years have in common with the previous period of temporary reversal from 1992 to 2000: striking improvements in the US budget deficit.
CAMBRIDGE – The US Congress has now carelessly blocked a long-awaited reform of the International Monetary Fund.
It goes back a century, to President Woodrow Wilson’s inability in 1919 to persuade a myopically isolationist Congress to approve the League of Nations.
It was widely reported that Asian countries concluded from Obama’s absence that they should cultivate ties with China instead.
Meanwhile, Europe’s fiscal follies have been even more egregious than America’s.
So why are such mechanisms now in retreat?
George H. W. Bush’s administration used it to reduce SO2 emissions from power plants in the 1990’s, and his son’s administration sought to use it to reduce SO2 and other emissions further in the 2000’s.
The ETS rapidly became the world’s largest system for putting a market price on environmental damage. But now it has been pushed aside by other kinds of regulation. 
The core of Obamacare is an attempt to ensure that all Americans have health insurance, via the individual mandate.
In the case of health care, a national monopoly can forestall innovation and provide inadequate care with long waits.
And when soaring global prices for Argentina’s leading agricultural commodities provided a golden opportunity to boost output and raise chronically insufficient foreign-currency earnings, Fernández imposed heavy tariffs and quotas on exports of soy, wheat, and beef.
Indentured servitude and debtors’ prisons have also been illegal since the nineteenth century.
Eventually, it was recognized that a debt overhang was inhibiting investment and growth in Latin America, to the detriment of debtors and creditors alike.
By contrast, the US court rulings’ indulgence of a parochial instinct to enforce written contracts will undermine the possibility of negotiated re-structuring in future debt crises.
After the monetarist approach failed, some switched to targeting the inflation rate.
These countries’ need to establish policy credibility tends to be more acute, whether as a result of histories of high inflation, an absence of credible institutions, or political pressure to monetize budget deficits. They need targets with which they can really live.
But this defeats the very purposes – transparency, credibility, and predictability – for which a target was announced in the first place.
Their economies also tend to suffer larger supply shocks from natural disasters, other weather events, social unrest, and unexpected productivity changes.
NGDP targeting is that plan.
The eurozone has no centrally issued and traded Eurobond that the central bank could buy.
(After all, there would be little point in upholding pristine principles if doing so resulted in a breakup, and fiscal austerity alone was never going to return the periphery countries to sustainable debt paths.)
The increase in the supply of euros would naturally lower their price.
But proposals to coordinate policies internationally for mutual benefit are fair.
The Mo Ibrahim Foundation supports other important activities, particularly the annual Ibrahim Index of African Governance (IIAG), which was also released on October 14.
Given the abundant attention received by Africa’s truly awful leaders, it is useful to focus on its good ones.
But it is not useful to rely solely or primarily on outcomes to judge a leader.
The question is then whether any candidate demonstrated the necessary level of excellence in office.
They may now regard themselves as indispensable.
LONDON – The election of Jeremy Corbyn as the new leader of the British Labour Party is a reminder that life is rich with paradox.
The Labour Party’s defeat in May’s general election brought about the resignation of its leader, Ed Miliband, a courteous and intelligent figure who, having abandoned the middle ground once controlled by former Prime Minister Tony Blair, had failed to convince even his own party that he could run the country.
Trade unions would regain the power they enjoyed before Margaret Thatcher’s reforms in the 1980s.
Second, without effective and responsible opposition, governments can become arrogant, careless, and too focused on their own supporters.
Taking Corbynomics Seriously
Today’s particular economic circumstances provide a second reason for establishing a National Investment Bank.
This idea of monetary financing of fiscal deficits (borrowing from the central bank, rather than from the bond markets) has a reputable pedigree.
But it is hardly the case that the UK economy, currently growing at close to 3% a year, needs a further QE program of any kind right now.
Millions in Europe rightly feel that the current economic order fails to serve their interests.
But many among the public and in the media want more.
Today, it is clear that fundamentalists and their supporters are completely closed off to even the most elaborate theological refutation of their views, even when produced by distinguished religious authorities.
In fact, debates about the use of religious terms lend credibility to fundamentalist efforts to apply these ideas to conditions in the modern world.
There is simply no need to look to theology to call a crime by its proper name.
And, fortunately, we live in an age in which information technology gives us the right tools to broaden access to high-quality, affordable education.
Exam results are recorded on the teacher’s tablet, with more than 250,000 scores logged every 21 days.
As a result, teachers spend their time in the most effective way possible – solving problems with students – instead of delivering undifferentiated lessons.
Jinnah’s Labyrinth
That was Jinnah’s dream, but the reality is that Pakistan has lived in high drama ever since its birth, often troubled by dark and imaginary historical shadows.
But Pakistani society is now an orphan, dependant almost totally on both the Pakistani Army and the all-pervasive Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) , which has grown into a state within a state, answerable only to itself .
With near-zero GDP growth, rising unemployment, and mounting public debt – not to mention counter-productive austerity policies – it is difficult to argue otherwise.
As a result, these countries’ virtual exchange rates vis-à-vis Germany are critically overvalued, inasmuch as wages in these countries have risen more quickly, and labor productivity more slowly, than in Germany.
And the common monetary policy that all are being forced to pursue is intensifying deflationary pressures in the weaker countries, while increasing inflationary pressures in Germany.
For their part, other EU member countries would have to decide whether to retain the euro in its truncated form or revert to their own national currencies, possibly pegging them to the revived Deutsche Mark or franc.
Today, nearly 2,000 metric tons of plutonium and highly enriched uranium – the raw materials of a nuclear weapon – are spread across 25 countries.
The weakest link in the security chain threatens everyone, and that means a system is needed to identify and strengthen the weak links – a system in which states take steps to build confidence in – and accountability for – their security performance.
·         The system should cover all weapons-useable materials, including nuclear materials used for military purposes.
CHICAGO – Monetary and fiscal policies in the United States, both in this recession and the recession of 2001, have been among the most accommodating in the industrial world.  As I write, Congress is working on yet another “jobs” bill.  Indeed, John Taylor of Stanford University attributes the recent financial crisis to excessively stimulatory monetary policy towards the end of Alan Greenspan’s tenure as head of the US Federal Reserve.
Others suggest that the Internet has made it easier for firms to hire quickly.
That lesson has been fully internalized.
For example, households and investment managers, reluctant to keep money in safe money-market funds, instead seek to invest in securities with longer maturities and higher credit risk, so long as they offer extra yield.
But, if politicians are to become less anxious about jobs, perhaps we need to start discussing whether jobless recoveries are here to stay, and whether the US safety net, devised for a different era, needs to be modified.
But that is not supported by theory or experience.
These investments generally have the effect (in advanced and developing countries alike) of raising the return to private investment, causing the latter to expand in scale and scope, lifting employment along with it.  Reforming the tax system to favor investment and eliminate complexity and inefficiency would help.
Restoring elements of manufacturing competitiveness is hard.
It is not a good idea to assume that markets will solve these distributional problems by themselves; the evolution of structure and the income distribution are largely the result of market incentives.
आज मच्छरों की आबादी रोकने के लिए जो प्रचलित तरीका है - कीटों का बंध्याकरण का - वह रेडिएशन द्वारा नर कीटों के बंध्याकरण पर निर्भर है. बंध्याकरण के बाद इन नर कीटों को ग्रस्त इलाकों में छोड़ दिया जाता है लेकिन वे प्रजनन करने में असमर्थ होते हैं. मगर पिछली सदी के मध्य से इस्तेमाल की जा रही यह तकनीक मच्छरों के मामले में प्रभावकारी नहीं रही है. कारण है मच्छरों की नाजुकता.

Nor does Netanyahu, an ideologue who is visibly uncomfortable with his forced support of the two-state idea, truly have a governing coalition for peace.
And a permanent Iranian presence in Syria would make a war between Israel and Iran practically unavoidable.
Inertia is not an adequate response in an era of revolutionary change.
A solution to the Palestinian problem would serve such a strategy.
He appears to be proposing further tax cuts that promise to cost the United States Treasury some $300 billion a year, to “offset” them with cuts in earmarked spending accounted for at $3 billion a year, and somehow to balance the budget.
By 2016, America’s productive potential would be smaller by an amount that would reduce real GDP by 3.6% – $500 billion real dollars, or roughly $3,000 per worker.
Other countries that are counting on exporting to America would be affected by slower growth and lower employment in the US.
For-profit education is not just a US phenomenon; it is part of a global trend.
For example, E-Corp-owned colleges might be required to provide prospective students with the graduation rate, average student-debt levels, and the average starting salaries of students with similar academic records and educational goals. Furthermore, E-Corp colleges might be required to reveal their per student instructional, marketing, and executive-compensation costs, as well as their pre-tax profits.
BERKELEY – One of the dirty secrets of economics is that there is no such thing as “economic theory.”
The other type takes the carcass of history, throws it into the pot, turns up the heat, and boils it down, hoping that the bones will yield lessons and suggest principles to guide our civilization’s voters, bureaucrats, and politicians as they slouch toward utopia.
When the excess demand is for longer-term assets – bonds to serve as vehicles for savings that move purchasing power from the present into the future – the natural response is twofold: induce businesses to borrow more and build more capacity, and encourage the government to borrow and spend, thus bringing the supply of bonds back into balance with demand.
I see production 10% below capacity, and I see unemployment rates approaching 10%.
For example, post-conflict democratization cannot be the goal, given that Arab regimes lack the credentials or knowhow to craft democracies, and their militaries are neither willing nor able to assist in the process.
The adventure also took a heavy economic toll; by 1965, Egypt had run up a foreign debt of nearly $3 billion, forcing it to add a “defense tax” to finance the Yemen war.
If Arab leaders fail to overcome these deficiencies, the latest Arab force could become the Middle East’s newest source of anti-democratic, sectarian-based instability, potentially intensifying the Sunni-Shia conflict.
But uncertainty is far better than knowing acquiescence.
And, for better or for worse, it is a key supplier to certain countries.
The three that count because of their size – Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico – are all frightened of the consequences: Brazil that its companies will lose contracts, Mexico that the Venezuelans will finance opposition to their energy reforms, and Argentina of losing an ally that knows too much.
World Cup Blues
Santos lost by nearly five percentage points.
Even soaring commodity prices, bolstered by strong demand from China, became problematic, with the expectation of a terms-of-trade reversal generating significant uncertainty.
Likewise, contrary to the perceptions of Uribe’s supporters, Santos’s reelection and continued pursuit of peace is exactly what Colombia needs right now.
Economic uncertainty is also dramatically affecting Brazilian politics.
Fortunately for Silva, the PSDB is highly critical of the PT administration, especially the foreign policy of Rousseff’s predecessor, Luis Inácio Lula da Silva.
The incumbent’s advantage in Latin America owes much to the feeble regulations restricting the government’s use of the state apparatus for campaign purposes.
It could hardly be otherwise.
Others have mused that Peña Nieto’s administration sometimes seems intent on announcing reforms, regardless of their content, the time necessary to implement them, or their actual impact on Mexican society.
The same is true of ballot initiatives, referenda, and independent candidacies, all of which were non-existent until the recent reform.
But curtailing democracy in order to modernize the energy sector is not a good idea.
So Crimea was just the first target; the next will be eastern Ukraine and persistent destabilization of the country as a whole.
Moreover, Russia’s rapid demographic decline and enormous modernization deficit imply the need for a joint future with Europe.
Today’s Russia has neither the economic nor the political strength to regain and integrate the lost Soviet territories, and any attempt by Putin to press on with his plan would impoverish its people and lead to further disintegration – a bleak prospect.
The question of peace in Europe has returned, and it must be answered by a strong and united EU.
Ideologically, the central conflict between Iran and its neighbors is based on the sectarian conflict between Sunni and Shia Islam.
Their strategic watchwords are national rivalry, balance, and hegemony – concepts that offer no solution for the future of the region’s nations and states.
Obama is heavily criticized for not having intervened militarily in Syria, even though his threat to do so subsequently forced President Bashar al-Assad’s government to surrender its chemical weapons.
Indeed, the Great War’s consequences for international relations and the global system of states continue to be felt.
Likewise, the creation of Israel harks back to the 1917 Balfour Declaration, whereby the subsequent British mandatory power in Palestine supported the establishment of a national home for the Jewish people.
Institutions and traditions supporting cooperative conflict resolution hardly exist in the region.
But, lest we forget: in the summer 1914, most actors regarded the impending disaster as an impossibility.
Europeans should brace themselves for what is coming.
For Europe, this would be a fundamental change for the worse.
Whether the Euromaidan revolution succeeds will depend to a crucial extent on the Ukrainian people and their ability to free themselves from the structures and forces of the past, and on the West’s support, generosity, and resilience.
But realizing that potential will be difficult.
How much supervision will be required not just to verify compliance but also to detect any possible attempt at a breakout?
These are the real factors driving the confrontation that the Vienna negotiations are meant to defuse over the next six months.
Iran must decide whether it wants to follow the North Korean route to international isolation, or some variation on the Chinese route to integration into the global economy.
The staggering accumulation of crises and conflicts facing the world today – in Ukraine, Iraq, Syria, Gaza, and Libya – are linked to America’s new stance.
And yet the frequency of crises has also revived in Western countries an old, fundamental normative conflict between idealism and realism, or a value-based and an interest-based foreign policy.
A victory for the IS in northern Iraq, or even just the capture of Erbil, the Kurdish Regional Government’s capital, would cause not just an unparalleled humanitarian disaster; it would also pose an enormous political threat to the greater Middle East and world peace.
If the US can no longer bear the burden of Pax Americana, Europe must do more for collective security.
While the system was effectively eliminated in 1971, the US dollar’s central role in the international monetary system has remained intact – a reality that many countries are increasingly unwilling to accept.
Furthermore, though countries accrue interest on their holdings of SDRs, they have to pay interest on the allocations they receive.
The simplest way to fulfill this vision would be to allocate SDRs as a full reserve asset, which countries could either use or deposit in their IMF accounts.
The better-known consequence has been deepening uncertainty about the US dollar, the main global reserve currency, and US Treasury securities, supposedly the world’s “safest” financial asset.
There have been myriad academic contributions to the debate as well.
Still another element of international monetary reform is better management of the global exchange-rate system (or, again, “non-system”), which should aim at avoiding currency “manipulation” – but only after defining precisely what that means.
Try to imagine 143,000 Eiffel Towers stacked one on top of another, or a pile of 10 trillion bananas.
From any perspective – ethical, economic, environmental, or in terms of food security – we simply cannot tolerate the annual wastage of 1.3 billion tons of food.
For example, rejection of food products on the basis of aesthetic concerns is a major cause of wastage.
Only if they do can the region become a significant global player.
Mercosur members, by contrast, remain wary of excessive trade liberalization and, with the exception of Brazil (and to a lesser extent Uruguay), are significantly less competitive.
Latin America’s exports to what is now the world’s fastest-growing region are concentrated among primary goods.
Argentina’s Griesafault
The experiment failed, and the country suffered a deep economic and social crisis, with a recession that lasted from 1998 to 2002.
They then sued Argentina to obtain 100% of that value.
And, because the debt restructuring stipulated that all of the creditors who accepted it could demand the same terms as holdouts receive, Argentina might be on the hook for $140 billion more.
In fact, borrowing costs on July 30 were lower than the average for the whole year.
Most recently, the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) recommended new terms for government bonds.
In 1999, in Elliot Associates, LP v. Banco de la Nacion and the Republic of Peru, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals determined that the plaintiff’s intent in purchasing the discounted debt was to be paid in full or otherwise to sue.
But CACs do not exist for sovereign debt written in many jurisdictions, leaving the field open for the vultures.
But this, too, poses a problem: The more junior creditors could vote to have themselves treated in the same way as more senior creditors.
Global efforts are good first steps to remedy the damage to international financial markets that the US courts have inflicted.
Or perhaps this innovation is less significant than its enthusiasts believe.
Two things should be clear.
And this is even more apparent in other arenas: How do we accurately assess the fact that, owing to medical progress, heart surgery is more likely to be successful now than in the past, leading to a significant increase in life expectancy and quality of life?
But innovation has been part of the developed world’s economy for more than two centuries.
Schumpeter’s conclusions have not gone unchallenged.
Government, it is often said, should not be engaged in picking winners. The market is far better in making such judgments.
There is a compelling infant economy argument for industrial protection.
NEW YORK – International investment agreements are once again in the news.
They restrict governments even from placing temporary controls on the kind of destabilizing short-term capital flows that have so often wrought havoc in financial markets and fueled crises in developing countries.
Even the notion that this is about protecting foreign firms is a ruse: companies based in country A can set up a subsidiary in country B to sue country A’s government.
There have even been demands that countries honor contracts signed by previous non-democratic and corrupt governments, even when the International Monetary Fund and other multilateral organizations have recommended that the contract be abrogated.
South Africa should be congratulated.
Such investments ensure that all citizens, no matter how poor their parents, can live up to their potential.
And taxing natural-resource rents at high rates does not cause the adverse consequences that follow from taxing savings or work (reserves of iron ore and natural gas cannot move to another country to avoid taxation).
America’s failed financial model for higher education is one of the reasons that, among the advanced countries, America now has the least equality of opportunity, with the life prospects of a young American more dependent on his or her parents’ income and education than in other advanced countries.
Europe’s Austerity Zombies
In even the best-performing economies, such as Germany, growth since the 2008 crisis has been so slow that, in any other circumstance, it would be rated as dismal.
When citizens repeatedly vote for a change of policy – and few policies matter more to citizens than those that affect their standard of living – but are told that these matters are determined elsewhere or that they have no choice, both democracy and faith in the European project suffer.
Likewise, Italy is being encouraged to accelerate privatization.
ZURICH – The BRIC countries (Brazil, Russia, India, and China) have long been the focus of emerging-market investors.
Nearly one in 20 adults in the 15-49 age group in Sub-Saharan Africa lives with HIV – roughly six times the global average.
Joining this mobile-phone revolution, Novartis is working with five African governments and private-sector partners to improve drug distribution and monitor the supply of anti-malaria medicines in rural areas, using text messaging and electronic mapping.
Finally, education is one of the most powerful tools for reducing poverty and generating sustainable, inclusive economic growth.
This will require more than philanthropy: it will demand new commercial models that solve health-care issues, help the economy to grow, and benefit those who invest in Africa’s future.
Tellingly, US President Barack Obama’s administration has replaced the term “pivot,” which implies a turn away from something, with “rebalancing.”
Clinton rejected that advice: It would have been impossible to forge an anti-China alliance, given the enduring desire of China’s neighbors to maintain good relations with it; more important, such a policy would have guaranteed future enmity with China.
Indeed, it is not in China’s interest to destroy international institutions – such as the United Nations, the WTO, and the International Monetary Fund – that have helped to facilitate its rise.
Whether China’s economic interest in an impartial world order based on the rule of law will lead to greater protection of individual rights remains to be seen.
First, Americans understand little about the social and political complexities of the countries there.
In recent centuries, the nation has been the imagined community for which most people were willing to make sacrifices, and even to die, and most leaders have seen their primary obligations to be national in scope.
In one sense, she is right.
Honor thy father and thy mother admits of gradations.”
Based on the notion of “multi-stakeholderism,” the meeting produced a 12-page “outcomes” document.
Ultimately, however, the Internet poses a major governance challenge, exemplified in ongoing efforts to understand the implications of ubiquitous mobility and the collection and storage of “big data.”
Indeed, accounts of cyber war may be exaggerated, but cyber espionage is rampant, and more than 30 governments are reputed to have developed offensive capabilities and doctrines for the use of cyber weapons.
Though the meeting was ostensibly about updating telephony regulations, the underlying issue was the ITU’s role in Internet governance.
What will governance look like in 2050?
For example, although megacities have the potential to create new opportunities for workers and businesses, they cannot solve universal problems like climate change or manage the production and protection of national and global public goods.
For example, in Kenya, a private company developed a mobile-payments system that allows users to transfer money using cell phones, effectively creating a banking system much more quickly than the government could have done.
But, though the G-20 has moved in this direction, the approach to setting a global agenda remains flawed.
Japan’s Self-Defense Defense
When US President Barack Obama’s administration announced its “rebalancing” toward Asia in 2011, it reaffirmed the 1996 Clinton-Hashimoto Declaration, which cited the US-Japan security alliance as the foundation for stability – a prerequisite for continued economic progress – in Asia.
But, as things stand, a strategy of containment would be a mistake.
As China invests in advanced ballistic missiles, the fixed bases on Okinawa become increasingly vulnerable.
Meanwhile, Japan’s economy seems to be recovering from a generation of malaise, with this year’s annualized growth rate exceeding 3%.
But, of course, this can change – and Japan does have a history of successfully reinventing itself.
China challenges Japanese control over more than seven square kilometers of islets – called the Senkaku Islands in Japan, and the Diaoyu Islands in China – in the East China Sea.
While Japan’s security treaty with the US serves as a deterrent, there is always a danger of miscalculation.
Yet the question lingered.
Further evidence of American isolationism can be found in a recent opinion poll taken by the Pew Research Center and the Council on Foreign Relations.
In structural terms, it matters greatly that the two entities in the world with economies and per capita income similar to the US – Europe and Japan – are both American allies.
A smart power strategy starts with a clear assessment of limits.
Colombia’s Modest Peace
With Europe offering only empty promises, and the UN unsure of how to catalyze progress on the talks’ ambitious 12-point agenda (which included more than 100 items), the effort collapsed in 2002.
Today, the guerrillas are significantly weaker, allowing Santos’s government to offer a minimalist agreement that can satisfy both the Colombian establishment, which backs the process but without much conviction, and a fatigued and mercurial public that wants peace but remains unwilling to accept too many concessions to the FARC.
That requires that the talks progress steadily, and that the FARC remains reliable and united.
The Court must rule on German plaintiffs’ claim that legislation to establish the ESM would violate Germany’s Grundgesetz (Basic Law).
Indeed, the new currency was conceived as a unit of account for economic exchange that would not have any wealth implications at all.
If losses arise, they must be covered by the initial cash contribution of €80 billion ($100 billion), which then would be topped up automatically by all participating countries according to their capital shares.
It is good that the Court’s decisions cannot be forecast, and even better that the Court cannot be lobbied or petitioned.
But the test of the trials will be whether they are – and are seen to be – fact-driven, impartial, and consistent with international standards.
This must be reinforced by vigorous independent monitoring throughout the process.
Meaningful public engagement with the court requires an underlying environment that fosters – not punishes – the free expression of ideas.
How the court performs matters deeply to the millions of Cambodians scarred by the crimes of the Khmer Rouge.
In 1977, the US created the Department of Energy (DOE); a year later, it enacted the National Energy Act, which employed tools like industrial regulation and tax incentives to promote fuel efficiency and renewable energy.
As was true in the 1970’s, innovation is the key to effective solutions.
Our livelihoods, not to mention those of future generations, should not be held hostage by our ongoing addiction to fossil fuels.
He attended church. He said agriculture was the backbone of our nation.
When my father came home that night, he was singing praises for Mandela.
As I learned more about Mandela, I wondered how he had achieved the unimaginable, overcoming a 27-year ordeal to become the leader of Africa’s largest economy.
Unfortunately for many African countries, freedom and independence ended up in the hands of a few who had tasted and become addicted to the repressive practices that Africans had spent decades fighting.
Perhaps the most notable exceptions to this rule have been in East Asia, where four economies – South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Singapore – responded to external crises and challenges by shifting their growth strategies.
One of the East Asian economies’ major lessons for developing countries is that economic development leads to institutional transformation, not the other way around.
FRANKFURT – The European Central Bank is in the middle of a big, risky experiment.
All of this is intended to flood the markets, expand the euro system’s balance sheet by €700 billion ($890 billion), and return to the balance-sheet volume recorded at the start of 2012.
But what is the appropriate eurozone inflation rate, given de facto economic stagnation? Should higher nominal (that is, inflation-driven) growth replace debt-driven growth?
Government action in many problem countries ultimately ends in finger pointing: “Europe,” the ECB, and Germany, with its (relatively) responsible policy, have all been scapegoats.
But the uncertainty regarding the extent and pace of economic reforms remains.
The Court has required that amnesties granted to political and military leaders in Argentina and other countries in the region as part of a transition to democracy be set aside.
New democracies face many political – and often economic – challenges.
Tyrants everywhere – and more than a few democrats – would do well to take note.
To many bankers, these are just details to be overlooked.
It was widely known that banks and mortgage companies were engaged in predatory lending practices, taking advantage of the least educated and most financially uninformed to make loans that maximized fees and imposed enormous risks on the borrowers.
With one out of four mortgages in the US under water – more owed than the house is worth – there is a growing consensus that the only way to deal with the mess is to write down the value of the principal (what is owed).
Rather, it would enable the powerful to exploit the weak.
“An eye for an eye” asks that the culprit should be the sole target, and not others, whose only crime was to be related to him.
We had to make our homes in this, our common motherland, and learn to live with one another.
Restorative justice and ubuntu are based firmly on the recognition of the fundamental humanity of even the worst possible offender.
There is a wealth of wisdom in the old ways of African society.
LA JOLLA, CALIFORNIA – Pundits have long predicted that biology would dominate the twenty-first century, just as physics dominated the twentieth century.
While the first recombinant insulin in the 1980’s took less than a decade from testing to approval, monoclonal antibodies and gene therapy took more than 20 years to reach the same milestone.
Finally, while drugs are increasingly produced by small companies that larger pharmaceutical firms then acquire, funding for these start-ups is drying up.
At the same time, governments will have to implement policies aimed at guiding investment toward specific diseases.
The decision came a month after Premier Li Keqiang’s declaration that China had set its annual growth target at “around 7.5%” – the same as last year’s goal.

For starters, there is the public-good element of many infrastructure projects, which demands contingent government obligations like universal coverage levels for basic services.
With nearly 70% of Sub-Saharan Africa’s population lacking access to electricity and 65% of South Asians lacking access to basic sanitation, there is no greater imperative than to plan, fund, build, and maintain infrastructure assets.
Health workers worry about sexually transmitted diseases and malnutrition.
On the other hand, rapid population growth as a result of higher birth rates can threaten the wellbeing of the poorest communities and countries, by altering the dependency ratio at the other end of the scale.
Until recently, the global population was predicted to surpass 11 billion by 2050, triggering Malthusian fears.
None of this should divert attention from the need to achieve a balance between population growth, appropriate dependency ratios for countries at different stages of economic development, and the fight for women’s reproductive rights.
Here is a leader who read a hidden, menacing agenda into a technical European Union document about export subsidies and anti-fraud provisions.
The West should also listen carefully to Ukraine’s neighbor, Poland, which probably has the deepest insight into the complexities of the crisis.
The Magnitsky Act should be amended to include the names of political and military leaders responsible for the invasion of Ukraine.
If the 2008 Russo-Georgian war is any guide, NATO’s Cyber Defense Center should help Ukraine prepare for a large-scale digital offensive.
When Ukrainians stood up against their corrupt elite, they became the first people to put their lives on the line for the goal of EU membership.
Before the financial crisis hit in 2008, all of these policies would have been disparaged as unwarranted interventions in financial markets. Indeed, in 2005, when one of us (Werner) recommended such policies to prevent “recurring banking crises,” he faced vehement criticism.
With an understanding of this process, policymakers can take steps to avert future banking crises and resolve post-crisis recessions more effectively.
With the local authority effectively issuing money for work performed, the local economy boomed.
After all, it was Merkel who tried to calm the waters after the NSA scandal first hit Europe this summer. That is why the alleged US wiretapping of her cellphone is so damaging for her, both personally and politically.
The potential economic cost of a delay or a failure to achieve closer transatlantic economic integration could total hundreds of billions of dollars – in addition to the incalculable damage done to America’s credibility in Europe.
They stepped in when private markets froze, acting as lenders and dealers of last resort, and provided additional liquidity to grease the wheels of finance.
But even this frightening analogy does not answer the question of whether central banks should assume positions of power in international relations.
Aren’t both members of NAFTA? Why Switzerland and not Brazil, one of the largest emerging markets?
America’s Debt-Ceiling Debacle
The difference is ultimately minor, and should not be allowed to overshadow what is really at stake: democratic self-governance in an age of high public debt.
In times of economic growth, debt finance provides an easy escape from difficult choices.
Constitutional debt limits have yet to be tested in times of emergency, when new funding is needed quickly.
But doubts have crept in – and not only since the revelations of government agencies’ use of the Internet to spy on us, our leaders, and one another.
They employ armies of people to vet and skew online conversations.
While democracies have arguably become more vibrant, their politics have become more volatile.
The average age of party members in Germany is over 50.
Reason and the End of Poverty
But this is mere suggestion.
That is a wrong deduction, based on evidence that does not exist.
Cost-benefit analysis has led many to declare it a failed policy.
Although any such right extends only to activities for “peaceful purposes,” the loophole is gaping.
Although the issue has been much debated, until now there has been only modest progress in developing fuel-supply assurance arrangements that would meet this concern.
The bank has been funded by voluntary contributions, including $50 million from the Nuclear Threat Initiative, a United States-based NGO, $49 million from the US government, up to $25 million from the European Union, $10 million each from Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, and $5 million from Norway.
The latter happened in October.
Indeed, in its report, the Commission has shown how to overcome them.
When the European Council opened the way for Turkish membership in 1999, it fully took into account the establishment of the European (political) Union by the Maastricht Treaty years earlier.
With North Korea, the provocations continue to come thick and fast.
But it is still not impossible.
But, with the escalating financial sanctions of the past year now clearly biting hard, the signs are more encouraging than they have been for some time.
America’s Real Drug Problem
In a Twitter exchange, he called a journalist “a moron,” and described the price hike as “a great business decision that also benefits all of our stakeholders.”
In the United Kingdom, for example, a regulatory body – NICE (National Institute for Clinical Effectiveness) – decides whether drugs are sufficiently cost-effective to justify reimbursement by the National Health Service.
Different groups may benefit differently, depending on factors such as age or socioeconomic status.
The FDA already awards these to manufacturers of new drugs for rare pediatric disorders.
Chinese surpluses, by contrast, were seen as a cause of global imbalances.
Europe’s non-eurozone surplus countries – Sweden, Denmark, Switzerland, and Norway (all of which tie their exchange rates to the euro to some degree) – magnify this global imbalance.
But an abundance of pity alone will not help.
In the years preceding August 1914, until the assassination of the archduke, the global economy performed relatively well: trade expanded worldwide, financial markets seemed healthy, and the business community shrugged off political problems as either temporary or irrelevant.
The outbreak has so far remained regional, but it serves as a reminder that in an age of air travel by millions, no one is safe from the spread of infectious disease.
Partly because the United States makes capital increases and governance reforms in global financial institutions so difficult, the BRICS countries (Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa) have launched their own development bank, to be based in Shanghai.
Catching Up at Different Speeds
Beyond global factors that apply to all, rapid catch-up growth requires sufficient investment in both physical and human capital. New manufacturing techniques and new products or product improvements are usually embodied in new machines and skills.
Latin America and Asia operate in the same global economy, with access to similar technology and markets. If Latin America invests around 20% of its national income in a sustained manner, while emerging Asia invests close to 30% – including investments in education – emerging Asia will converge significantly more rapidly.
The pan-European parties’ nomination of Spitzenkandidaten for the Commission presidency – and the three direct debates among the nominees – marked the start of building a genuine supranational European political space.
WASHINGTON, DC – For most of the beginning of 2014, the eurozone seemed to be in a state of recovery – weak and unsteady, but nonetheless real.
The eurozone now is facing not only a financial crisis, but a stagnation crisis.
These reforms should seek to achieve a thoroughly revamped social contract that reflects the realities of twenty-first-century demographics and global markets, but that also remains sensitive to Europeans’ commitment to distributive fairness and political equality, and insures citizens against shocks.
A new social contract will not appear out of thin air.
It is the nature of governance that determines whether people deploy their talents and energy in pursuit of innovation, production, and job creation, or in rent seeking and lobbying for political protection.
Such a vision presupposes an assurance that a winner-take-all system will not be established, as well as broad agreement that regulatory institutions should be reasonably non-partisan and staffed with competent professionals.
They also need regulatory agencies in sectors such as telecommunications and energy that can pursue policies in accordance with broad goals established by the political process, but with appointees selected according to nonpartisan criteria who then exercise their authority in a way that fosters competition open to all.
But a significant part of a central bank’s credibility ultimately derives from the broader macroeconomic environment in which it operates.
But a country’s long-term inflation rate is still the outcome of political choices not technocratic decisions.

As it turned out, the euro was not quite the free lunch that it seemed to be.
Nevertheless, given the huge governance problems that Italy still faces, there is every chance that its inflation rate would look more like Brazil’s or Turkey’s, with any debt problems spilling over faster price growth.
A simple and elegant solution is to phase in a switchover to a fully electronic currency, where paying interest, positive or negative, requires only the push of a button.
After two decades of telling the public that 2% inflation is Nirvana, central bankers would baffle people were they to announce that they had changed their minds – and not in some minor way, but completely.
They could not simultaneously debase the currency and back it with gold at a fixed rate.
And, as I have argued elsewhere, governments have long been penny-wise and pound-foolish to provide large-denomination notes, given that a large share are used in the underground economy and to finance illegal activities.
As a result, Malthus’s concerns about mass starvation have failed to materialize in any peaceful capitalist economy.
Until now, our societies have proved remarkably adept at adjusting to disruptive technologies; but the pace of change in recent decades has caused tremendous strains, reflected in huge income disparities within countries, with near-record gaps between the wealthiest and the rest.
Government interventions to date, mainly in the form of enhanced education, have proved largely ineffective.
Will each future generation continue to enjoy a better quality of life than its immediate predecessor? In developing countries that have not yet reached the technological frontier, the answer is almost certainly yes.
And government debt, of course, has risen sharply, owing to bank bailouts and a sharp, recession-fueled decline in tax revenues.
Last spring’s campaign against anyone who dared to worry about the long-run effects of high debt largely ignored the substantial academic literature, just as a remarkably similar recent challenge to Thomas Piketty’s research on inequality took no account of a larger body of evidence.
(The word “austerity” does not appear once in my 2009 book with Carmen Reinhart on the history of financial crises.)
If it is more forthright about the risks, there is a chance that some periphery countries might have difficulty plugging the holes, and will require help from the north.
This is particularly the case when naïve assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo.
So much for precise forecasts of the date when China will overtake the US as the world’s largest economy; we won’t even know for sure when it happens!
Moreover, a great deal of this aid is delivered in kind and for strategic reasons, often supporting ineffective and kleptocratic governments.
For most of mankind, now is a better time than ever before to be alive.
Economists who trumpeted the “Buenos Aires consensus” as the new way to run economies also look foolish in hindsight.
Recently, as an outgrowth of a reconsideration of the IMF’s lending to the periphery of Europe (and Greece in particular), the Fund has advanced another approach to debt rescheduling, one that might be easier to implement.
It would be far better if the US found ways simply to organize outright grants in exceptional cases like Ukraine, rather than design the international financial system around them.
Deepening domestic debt markets – and perhaps change along the lines proposed by the IMF – is sorely needed.
He found that, owing to capital flight and political pressure for delay, the results were often disappointing.
Wealth taxes that target land and structures are arguably insulated from some of these concerns, and property taxes are relatively underused outside the Anglo-Saxon countries.
Many governments are giving in to higher marginal tax rates rather than overhauling and simplifying the system.
Temporary wealth taxes may well be a part of the answer for countries in fiscal trouble today, and the idea should be taken seriously.
Promoting alcohol, sugary drinks, and fast food may mean massive profits for corporations. But it also means worse health for individuals and a costly burden on countries’ health-care systems.
Given that these are precisely the kind of behaviors that companies like the World Cup sponsors are encouraging, a better disease classification would be pestilentia lucro causa (PLC), or “profit-driven disease.”
After all, the most effective way to compel companies to change is to stop purchasing what they sell.
In the battle against the PLCs, international and national regulatory authorities must fill this role, setting and enforcing the rules of the game to protect the health of people worldwide.
With continued assaults on local schools, Boko Haram has escalated its war against education – making the last two years Nigeria’s worst in terms of the violation of children’s rights.
Until recently, we have done far too little to protect schools and prevent their militarization during times of conflict.
When law and order break down, people need not only material help – food, shelter, and health care – but also hope.
Sedangkan 30% produksi teh dan 70% kopi di Kenya dihasilkan di bukit di kaki gunung dan lereng tinggi.
Perjanjian perwaliamanatan/akta trust (trust deeds) dibuat di tingkat lokal dan mengelola dana-dana yang pada akhirnya akan dipakai untuk membiayai pemeliharaan pagar.
The Kibaki administration used this year to entrench power in the hands of a small ethnic Kikuyu clique.
The frenzied campaigning for the constitutional referendum began in uproar.
Having been buoyed by the successful and peaceful 2002 election that brought in the promise of change, the Kenyan public remains loudly outraged by the government’s failures to make good on its promises.
After the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, President Bush embarked on a unilateral foreign policy.
As a gesture intending to boost Kerry's chances, German Defense Minister Peter Struck suggested that his country might reconsider its position on troops in Iraq. But Chancellor Gerhard Schröder instantly shot down that trial balloon, declaring: "To be clear, we will send no troops to Iraq."
Most European leaders understand the tiny wiggle room that Kerry will have if elected.
Is Europe really ready to undertake such an effort if its wish for a Kerry victory comes true?
Recent developments in wind, solar, tidal, bio-energy, geothermal, and fuel-cell technology are transforming the scope for low-carbon energy production.
It is difficult to think of a more irresponsible use of public money.
Recent debates in the UK illustrate the emerging fault lines.
Rich G-20 countries could go further and faster.
But the bill is far more alarming than that.

Campaigns routinely planted spies – interns, household staff, or even lovers – in the opposing camp, and devoted vast numbers of man-hours to combing through private records in opposition research.
LONDON – For decades, Keynesianism was associated with social democratic big-government policies.
There was an idea, originally derived from Ricardo and Marx, that the capitalist class needed a “reserve army of the unemployed” to maintain its profit share.
Nevertheless, he did think that redistribution would help secure full employment.
The new focus on the need to tame the power of finance is largely a consequence of globalization.
The current crisis has shown with utmost clarity that private markets are unable to self-regulate; domestic regulation is therefore a key area in which government has a role to play.

When he gets around to economics, Cochrane aims his blows at two points: Krugman’s attack on the “efficient market theory” and his advocacy of “fiscal stimulus” for depressed economies.
In short, Krugman “has absolutely no idea about what caused the crash, what policies might have prevented it, and what policies we should adopt going forward” – except that the government should now spend money like a drunken sailor.
Against this view, Keynes pointed out that interest-rate reductions may not do the job, because at zero or near-zero rates investors hoard cash rather than lend it out.
This is not “irrational” behavior. It is reasonable behavior in the face of uncertainty.
Indeed, today the KGB/FSB is Russia’s primary business school. Think of the graduates as holding a master’s degree in brutal (and brutally inefficient) administration.
When not overseeing Rosneft, Sechin just happens to be Vladimir Putin’s first deputy prime minister.
Its investment plans are overextended outside of Russia – part of the imperial policy – while domestic exploration for new sources is declining, as foreign companies have been forced to surrender stakes in projects such as the huge gas development on Sakhalin Island.
Such a moment occurred 50 years ago, with Nikita Khrushchev’s so-called “Secret Speech” to the Twentieth Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
Khrushchev’s motives as he took the podium on the morning of February 25, 1956, were, in his mind, moral ones.
Five days after the Congress, his speech was sent to all the leaders of the socialist countries and read at local party meetings across the Soviet Union.
Khrushchev’s speech also ignited the feud between Mao’s China and the USSR, for it allowed Mao to claim the crown of world revolutionary leadership.
The Twentieth Congress shattered the world Communist movement, and it turned out to be impossible to cement the cracks.
Even after central banks have pushed government bond prices as high as they can go, they should keep buying government bonds for cash, in the hope that people whose pockets are full of cash will spend more of it, and that this will directly pull people out of joblessness and into employment.
Those are attractive odds.
With higher financial asset prices, those firms that ought to be expanding and hiring will be able to get money on more attractive terms.
Available reserves will increasingly be concentrated in the Middle East simply because supplies in all other regions will be depleted sooner.
Latecomers among consuming nations, such as China, mimic the former habits of the industrialized West, with their long record of overlooking human rights abuses in order to secure lucrative deals with authoritarian, oil-rich regimes.
Geopolitically, the benefits would similarly obvious, as the ability of major oil exporters to blackmail industrialized countries would be significantly reduced.
Unless patients with renal failure receive a kidney transplant or undergo dialysis – an expensive life-long procedure that cleanses the blood of toxins – death is guaranteed within a few weeks.
For example, after China, India, and Pakistan began cracking down on illicit organ markets, many patients turned to the Philippines.
My colleagues and I suggest a system in which compensation is provided by a third party (government, a charity, or insurance) with public oversight.
Within the last year, the Israeli, Saudi, and Indian governments have decided to offer incentives ranging from lifelong health insurance for the donor to a cash benefit.
Investment in the Russian economy was growing fast. Unfortunately, Russia’s rulers are not accustomed to leaving the country and the rest of the world for long without something surprising to gawk at.
We don’t care how it goes, just put an end to it.”
This property, it now seems, could be reclaimed by the state at any moment.
Killing Justice in Russia
These were often cases related to the war and ongoing violence in Chechnya or the growing neo-Nazi terror found on the streets of Moscow, Saint Petersburg, and other Russian cities.
The fact that Russian security forces are alleged to have been involved in some of the cases demonstrates the depth of the problem.
Fortunately, in the end, the opponents were forced to fight a will stronger than their own: the will of those who – after the abolition of slavery and torture – want to mark another turning point for civilization.
Some European Union countries wanted to push for complete abolition of the death penalty right away. I understand their position.
Not only does it work, but, above all, in some cases, it is the only way of moving forward.
But others were consistent with their lifetime commitments.
One should not underestimate the opposition that reforms continue to face among Greeks.
The Germans would have done better to admit that fiscal austerity is contractionary in the short run.
This will be necessary if the two sides are to arrive at a good bargain, rather than a bad one – or even an outright failure to cooperate, so that Greece effectively drops out of the euro.
Twelve years of unrelenting churn in neighboring Iraq is beginning to take a toll on the Kingdom.
Meanwhile, on the Kingdom’s southern border, Saudi leaders now face a very dangerous and uncertain situation in Yemen, the region’s weakest state, where Al Qaeda elements continue to require international attention.
It is a time when the US needs to work closely with the Saudis, be careful what it asks of them, and be sure that its policy toward them does not overload the region’s strategic circuits.
Yet, since that time, greenhouse-gas emissions have continued to soar.
Per capita carbon emissions in US coal states tend to be much higher than the national average.
That will certainly be true of domestic climate-change legislation.
First, he is negotiating side deals with holdout senators to cushion the economic impact on coal states and to increase US investments in the research and development, and eventually adoption, of clean-coal technologies.
This summer has given us one such example: the climate-change bill, for which President Barack Obama had pushed so hard, will not even be presented to the United States Senate, because it stands no chance of passage.
Exempting emerging markets from any commitments, as the Kyoto Protocol sought to do, no longer makes sense.
Indeed, the tax seems to fall mostly on foreign suppliers of coal (and to a lesser extend on foreign suppliers of hydrocarbons in the Middle East and Russia).
A planet composed of nation-states that in turn are dominated by special interest groups does not seem capable of solving this problem.
Some 50 insurgents died recently in an assault on Lashkar gar, the capital of Helmand province.
Moreover, King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia hosted a Ramadan breakfast for the Afghan government and Taliban representatives.
But the Americans want a “surge,” and the US general commanding NATO forces in the country said last month that he needed three more brigades, some 15,000 troops in all, and Gates has asked the Europeans either to send or pay for them.
To retreat from its first major “out of area” mission would be a damaging blow for the alliance.
Rudyard Kipling got his arithmetic right in 1886:
In China, Mao Zedong united the country in 1949, while Deng Xiaoping was responsible for engineering its unprecedented economic rise.
As former US Ambassador to China Gary F. Locke reported in a speech early this year, the concept of equality before the law has deep historical roots.
If he succeeds, he, like Xi, will become his country’s next iconic leader.
To this end, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto’s cross-party “Pact for Mexico” could serve as a useful model.
Globalization, for example, has lifted hundreds of millions of people out of poverty, while contributing to social fragmentation and a massive increase in inequality, not to mention serious environmental damage.
Learning to live with slower growth will not be easy.
Innovation, spurred by talent, will determine success.
The role of the techno-polity is to steer the world toward positive outcomes.
अभी तक पश्चिम अफ्रीका सबसे बुरी सीमित किंतु नियमित हिंसा से बचा रहा है जिनसे मध्य अमेरिका औषधियों के पारगमन के दौरान ग्रस्त रहा है. लेकिन क्योंकि इस धंधे में भारी रकम दांव पर रहती है, अतः सुस्ती की कोई गुंजाइश नहीं है. पश्चिम अफ्रीका में कोकीन व्यापार का पैमाना तो उस क्षेत्र के अनेक देशों के मिले-जुले सरकारी बजट से भी कहीं अधिक है.
इसमें दवाओं की लत के उपचार व संबंधित स्वास्थ्य सेवाओं की स्थापना शामिल हैं. नुकसान को कम करने वाले उपाय भी लागू करने होंगे, यथा सुइयों की अदला-बदली के कार्यक्रम जो एचआईवी व दवाओं से जुड़ी मौतों को कम करने में अपनी उपयोगिता साबित कर चुके हैं. आज तक पूरे पश्चिम अफ्रीका में सेनेगल ही एकमात्र देश है जिसने अपने यहां सरकार द्वारा संचालित हानि-न्यूनीकरण कार्यक्रम को कुछ हद तक लागू किया है.
According to legend, Mori instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half.
With real GDP growth around 4% in the first half of the year (though it did fall below 2% in the third quarter), the first arrow has already hit the bull’s eye – a performance worthy of an A+.
When Japanese firms operate at the frontier of industry, bureaucrats cannot choose the winners.
The most appropriate grade is therefore an “E” for effort.
Of course, not all emerging markets, according to this logic, are equally exposed.
But, given that these economies have chosen to adhere to a fixed exchange rate, the Fed cannot really be blamed for the fallout.
If all countries adopt this approach, the entire global economy benefits.
Expansionary monetary policy – the second of three so-called “arrows” of Abenomics, after fiscal stimulus – has brought down the unemployment rate to just 3.8%.
In any case, the success of monetary policy is difficult to deny.
A simpler solution would be to mobilize working-age women who already – or plan to – stay at home.
But, as long as Abe, backed by Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga, remains committed to his stated objectives, Japan’s economic future will remain bright.
In fact, such a large increase has seldom – if ever – been attempted, owing to the risk that it would spur consumers to spend before it takes effect, thereby reducing future consumption.
For more than two decades – a period characterized by chronic recession and deflation – Japan has retained its position as the world’s richest country in terms of net wealth abroad.
That is why Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda should respond accordingly if the tax increase has a deflationary impact.
That is certainly true.
After all, one dresses windows with what one knows the customer wants to see.
So it is no surprise that Putin is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUN’s passing, if bloody, alliance with the Nazis.
Putin’s claim that fascists have taken control in Kyiv is fundamentally bogus, while Russia’s despicable actions in Crimea and eastern Ukraine are all too real.
On orders from Serbia’s government, Kosovo Serbs, who represent some 5% of the population, refuse to cooperate with Kosovo’s government and the EU mission.
Kosovo is, first of all, a European problem, and the EU has the primary responsibility to turn it into a success story.
Kosovo’s Original Sin
In 1999, the US led NATO into war against Slobodan Milosevic’s Serbia to end gross violations of the rights of Kosovo’s majority Albanians.
According to a recent BBC news investigation, however, UCK members abducted Serbs, Albanians, Roma, and others after NATO’s arrival.
Their blanket denials are no longer credible.
These Albanians fear that, in the absence of the rule of law, Kosovo will become a mafia state.
In 1999, Yeltsin picked Putin, who was then the little-known head of the FSB (formerly the KGB).
Putin’s own game of prime ministerial “musical chairs” does not reflect a desire to secure for himself a quiet position behind the scenes while someone else rules, for he knows all too well that the path from the Kremlin leads only to inner exile and the grave.
The outgoing Fradkov, surprisingly, put the matter best when he explained why he had resigned: with elections approaching, Putin needed a free hand.
The federal budget deficit has declined from 8.4% of GDP in 2011 to a predicted 2.9% of GDP for all of 2014.
On the contrary, “the disastrous turn toward austerity has destroyed millions of jobs and ruined many lives,” he argued, with the US Congress exposing Americans to “the imminent threat of severe economic damage from short-term spending cuts.”
On one hand, he has been the “conscience of a liberal,” rightly focusing on how government can combat poverty, poor health, environmental degradation, rising inequality, and other social ills.
We need the liberal conscience, but without the chronic budget deficits.
Hmm. In recent months, Krugman has repeatedly praised the US economic recovery under President Barack Obama, while attacking the United Kingdom’s record.

Thus, both countries have experienced moderately high and broadly similar growth rates since May 2010, when Cameron’s government took power.
The International Monetary Fund’s estimate of the output gap (see its World Economic Outlook database) for both countries does not suggest that, as of 2014, the UK is more cyclically depressed than the US.
Rather than lambasting Cameron while lauding Obama, Krugman should be praising both countries for their recoveries.
The AKP’s electoral setback has put an end to President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan’s ambition of transforming Turkey’s parliamentary system of government into a presidential regime, which would have boosted his power enormously.
More important, although the AKP may be more willing than other Turkish parties to accommodate Kurdish concerns, it is unlikely to accept demands for devolution of powers to regional governments or any other decentralization program that strengthens the territorial autonomy of Kurdish areas.
Kuwait’s Parliamentary Revolution
Elections with universal suffrage, combined with a relatively free press, meant that the succession became a public issue, debated in the media and by academics for months as Sheikh Jaber was dying.
But the old rule of force and intrigue by which other Gulf rulers have been deposed has been replaced by a modern principle – the Al Sabah have surrendered their exclusive control over the succession to the will of Parliament, which alone could provide the legitimacy that the new Emir needs.
The Kuwaiti model may be risky, but the alternative – simply ignoring the need for change – could prove fatal.
The rules of political life in Kuwait have been worked out over 300 years – since this small area emerged as a self-contained polity.
Though political parties have not been legalized, they are nonetheless active in parliament and public life.
Islamist candidates were in an awkward position, seeking support from women voters, whose participation they opposed.
La Nausée Russe
His quest for eternal rule is driven not so much by a thirst for power as by a fear that he will one day be held accountable for his actions.
And, after Putin falls, the leaders of other authoritarian post-Soviet regimes – from Belarus’s Alexander Lukashenko and Kazakhstan’sNursultan Nazarbayev to Ukraine’s would-be Putin, Viktor Yanukovych – will not survive in power for long.
If Putin unleashes his well-developed apparatus of coercion, he will have played his last remaining card.
Russia must rid itself, once and for all, of Putinism’s systemic corruption, lest the country be consumed by it.
In fact, the market economy can function only if the state does intervene.
The global dimension of this crisis surprisingly also has a positive side.
While important areas of economic policy are subject to rules that allow penal sanctions, the financial sector has a special status that is no longer acceptable.
The crisis has made clear that the provision of people’s elementary needs must not be made dependent on speculation and stock market curves.
To be effective, any stimulus program will need Europe’s nations to act in concert.
They should not stand in the way of compensation that includes stock options, or that otherwise create financial risks for their employees.
In the US, union failure to represent members’ interests adequately contributed to a major pension default at the Studebaker Corporation in 1963.
In today’s complex financial economies, representing workers’ interests is not so simple as battling with management for a bigger share of the pie. Unions should instead negotiate with management the same way top executives do with their boards of directors when their complex compensation packages are worked out.
In the early nineteenth century, a group of English textile workers known as the Luddites worried that new technologies like power looms and spinning frames would cost them their jobs.
Worldwide, one-third of employers surveyed complain that they are unable to find workers with the right skills for existing vacancies.
These trends are exacerbating income inequality.
The number of people aged 60 years and over will have tripled.
For it showed that the developed world, at least, was on track to solving the “economic problem” – the problem of scarcity that kept mankind tethered to a burdensome life of toil.
And, as we recover from the current recession, most experts expect this group to grow even larger.
Advertisers proclaim a single message: your soul is to be discovered in your shopping.
Without such efforts of social imagination, recovery from the current crisis will simply be a prelude to more shattering calamities in the future.
They entail the replacement of low- and medium-skilled workers with machines operated by a much smaller number of highly skilled workers.
By all indications, this trend is likely to continue, producing historically unprecedented levels of inequality and the threat of widespread social and political conflict.
Among all the new ideas that are pursued, only a few eventually become commercially successful.
Designing the right institutions for public venture capital can be difficult.
NEW YORK – Many people still believe that the attacks of September 11, 2001, were not just acts of political terrorism, but part of a cultural war, a clash of civilizations.
The response to 9/11 and to Dominique Strauss-Kahn’s recent encounter with an African chambermaid in a New York hotel have very little in common, except for one thing: once again, cultural conflict was invoked in a misleading way.
But even in the more liberal West – let alone in countries with less liberal traditions, such as Japan – culture comes to the rescue of the powerful more often than it protects the weak.
One cannot expect the law to solve all cultural conflicts.
Men who wish to maintain their control over women will no doubt continue to use culture and religious tradition to justify their dominance.
One reason why a dynastic succession is taking place is that Kim Il-sung created a national ideology, Juche, which mixes communism and autarky with a heavy dose of Confucian values.
After her father, Kim Il-sung, remarried, she was raised by various surrogates away from the family.
But Chan Giryok, who was Kim Jong-suk’s primary doctor and is now a doctor at Nagoya University in Japan, tells a different story.
Kim Kyong-hui’s intent to exercise power after her brother’s passing is supported by rumors that she helped arrange a traffic accident in June that killed Ri Je-gang, a senior party official and perceived guardian of Kim Jong-eun who reportedly attempted to oust Kim Kyong-hui and her close allies from power.
Lagarde’s Challenges
But other organizations have dealt with similar issues; the IMF needs to make the necessary changes, and, equally important, get the message out that the DSK incident was an aberration, not the tip of the proverbial iceberg.
With too-big-to-save countries like Spain in the clear, the debt of highly-indebted peripheral countries like Greece could be written down through interest waivers, maturity extensions, and debt exchanges.
It is not inconceivable that a number of emerging-market countries will get into trouble in the next few years.
Lagarde arrives to lead it at a difficult time.
Today, Africa’s rate of economic growth is second only to Asia’s.
In this context, the decision to retain the CFA franc, a freely convertible common currency that is pegged to the euro at a significantly overvalued exchange rate, is dubious.
Côte d’Ivoire, the franc zone’s leading economy, was a net rice exporter in the early 1970’s, until the country’s elite followed the advice of French expatriates to import rice rather than produce it.
Interfering with ideas, one might argue, is not in the same category as destroying precious objects, and elected officials tinkering with legislation cannot be compared to militants whose other activities include hacking off the hands and heads of innocent people.
They have decided that policy should be based solely on what they have already chosen to believe, rather than empirical evidence obtained through the scientific process.
Fact-based arguments, such as those in a recent editorial in Science magazine, should be enough to compel US leaders to change their approach.
Any major changes came not from deliberate decisions by central banks to reallocate reserves, but rather from the simple arithmetic of changing exchange rates: a stronger dollar raised the dollar’s share in total global reserves, while a weaker dollar reduced it.
Critics saw it as a case of two lame ducks propping each other up.
Germany had moved to current-account convertibility in 1958, but Japan only in 1964.
The lesson of the 1960’s suggests that a fully convertible renminbi could rapidly become a major international reserve currency.
An opening for talks between Serbia and Kosovo was created by a joint European Union-Serbia resolution at the United Nations, which sets out a framework for dialogue.
Indeed, as things now stand, Kosovo cannot join the EU, NATO, or the UN, two-thirds of whose members, including two permanent Security Council members (Russia and China), do not recognize its independence.
The case for partition is historical as well: these districts were part of Serbia until Tito redrew Yugoslavia’s internal borders in the 1950’s.
Serbia’s dynamic and mainly youthful mainstream political elite appears prepared to turn a corner and make sacrifices to secure Serbia’s long-term future in the EU (and possibly NATO).
NEW DELHI – America’s war in Afghanistan is approaching a tipping point, with doubts about President Barack Obama’s strategy growing.
And isn’t that what the CIA is doing already?
An American military exit from Afghanistan would not be a shot in the arm for the forces of global jihad, as many in the US seem to fear.
On the ground, it has little political and economic relevance, and it would be militarily impracticable to re-impose the line.


Obama has consistently been opposed to the trade agreement with Colombia.
He also accomplished, in a somewhat round-about way, another goal: showing the flag, so to speak, in the face of the mounting challenge from Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez, who, thanks to virtually unlimited supplies of oil dollars and Cuban doctors and foot-soldiers, is riding high across Latin America.
Again, Bush left him hanging.
Conversely, if Bush cannot come up with enough Republican moderates in the US Senate – they are actually already there, probably &#45;&#45; and in the US House of Representatives, the letdown and resentment in Mexico (as well as everywhere in Central America, the Caribbean, Peru, Ecuador and Colombia) will be immense.
The US not only lost control of the OAS, an organization that generally serves US interests, but also failed to get last month’s Summit of the Americas in Mar del Plata Argentina to endorse unanimously a declaration supporting America’s trade and political positions for the region.
Other countries – Bolivia, Chile, the countries of Central America – prefer regional solutions in which they have a clear and equal say.
2005 saw the return of seemingly buried territorial disputes, such as defining the maritime limits between Chile and Peru, as well as the revanchist pressures that are mounting in Bolivia for recovering access to the sea that was lost in the 19th century, an urge strengthened by Bolivia’s growing willingness to perhaps use its gas exports as a pressure point.
MEXICO CITY – Even as much of Latin America engages in almost hyperbolic celebrations over the renewed diplomatic ties between Cuba and the United States, the continent is facing two major challenges.
With Venezuela’s economy deteriorating sharply, and violence and human-rights violations proliferating, Maduro has been forced to call elections for this coming December. Polls indicate that, despite a rigged electoral system, his party will suffer serious setbacks.
Many other Latin American countries are in similar situations. In Chile, Michelle Bachelet is facing the most important political crisis of her presidency, and perhaps since the return of democracy in 1989.
Latin American countries are not starting from scratch.
It can kick-start a major drive to enact climate legislation across Latin America that would create low-carbon, economically resilient societies.
They do not need to dismantle existing environmental legislation, weaken incipient climate policies, or favor fossil fuels over clean energy sources to ensure prosperity.
In the 1930s, politicians of the moderate left, responding to the havoc wreaked on the region by the Great Depression, built the rudiments of a modern welfare state. In the 1960s, centrist politicians of different stripes – many of them Christian Democrats – struggled to find an alternative to the threat of armed revolution and the totalitarian politics of Fidel Castro’s Cuba.
Members of the new middle class suffer from the low quality of public services (particularly health and education); fret over job insecurity; are incensed by the persistence of discrimination in the labor market; and fume over jammed traffic and crime. But precisely because they have a hard time making ends meet, middle-class citizens have little patience for leaders who cause inflation and interest rates to skyrocket.
If Rousseff, plagued by scandals and a stalled economy, manages to complete her term, the social democrats look well-placed to win three years from now.
Uribe’s status as one of Latin America’s historic leaders was assured even before the rescue of Betancourt and the other hostages.
That backing appeared to be part of Chávez’s “Bolivarian” socialist revolution, which has used Venezuela’s petrodollars to bankroll left-wing governments in Ecuador, Bolivia, and Cuba in the hope of building up a regional anti-American alliance.
Cultural exchanges have increased, and Calderón is expected to visit Havana soon.
BOGOTA – Next month, Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos will host the sixth Summit of the Americas.
The differences extend to other vital questions as well, such as their conception of democracy and their relations with the United States.
He has set aside Uribe’s overly ideological approach and combative rhetoric, instead adopting a pragmatic attitude aimed at fostering good relations with his counterparts.
Some critics believe that Santos’s intentions are too ambitious, or that they are unsustainable in the long run.
But his domestic policies, constrained by the recent severe earthquake and his own small mandate, differ only slightly from those of his predecessors, at least for now.
Sooner or later, this will constitute a major challenge to the hemispheric community.
As his term winds down (the next presidential elections are two years away), he will be even less inclined to involve Mexico in foreign adventures.
Latin America’s Commodity Windfall
The choice will depend on the characteristics of the country.
Fiscal consolidation was not, however, the result of formal fiscal rules.
Therefore, on a regional level, a large part of the additional resources were used to increase public spending, especially for social security, health, and education, in that order.
In any case, corruption alone is not the essential problem. Rather, it symbolizes and highlights underlying weaknesses in the operation of the state and its interactions with citizens and businesses.
Countries, with more independent and professional civil servants tend to have higher quality bureaucracies and less corruption.
One way to improve the administration of public programs is to go to the root and change the way governments provide goods and services and manage programs.
Contracting out some activities to nonprofit/nongovernmental organizations should be considered along with improved external monitoring.
At the very least, there is a crisis of confidence, and, at worst, that lack of confidence is well deserved.
Does being anti-American excuse all sins and justify all friendships? Maybe the answer is simpler: often, it is not shared ideas and values that bring individuals together, but rather power and money.
And perhaps she is right, as the agreement will certainly leave a historic stain on Argentina. Inexplicably, both governments have committed themselves to having their parliaments ratify the memorandum, which would elevate it to the status of an international treaty – thus making it impossible to change by a simple administrative measure.
Across the region, countless exchange-rate regimes have been tried – some succeeding, others failing abysmally.
Argentina adopted the hardest peg, introducing a quasi-currency board and fixing the exchange rate by law.
Coming from different experiences, most countries converged on the adoption of a floating exchange rate, many in the context of inflation targeting.
Yet, in the end, credibility collapsed because of the lack of flexibility.
Throughout the Hemisphere, paternalistic governments accustom people to receiving just enough to survive instead of participating in society.
United by the right to vote, Latin Americans remain divided by poverty.
State monopolies are sold to friends who then become multibillionaires, like Mexico’s Carlos Slim.
Governments that don’t need to broaden their tax base have few incentives to respond to the needs of their people.
Indeed, China’s rulers have already stated that the new exchange-rate system will aim at maintaining currency stability.
Sadly, results are not much better in reading ability; again, the Latin American nations were at the bottom of the 40-country sample.
In addition, paying teachers according to performance must become the norm, while ineffective teachers should be dismissed.
But that is not happening this time.
Whereas Chile, for example, recorded a slight fiscal deficit in 2003, by 2006 it boasted an almost 8%-of-GDP surplus.
Latin America’s Forbidden Debates
At the same time that political changes helped spread democracy across Latin America, structural economic reforms were strengthened.
By contrast, the terror index for Western Europe was 1.1.
Indeed, it may be that the framework for a state that can preside over a true democracy has yet to be created.
Today, Latin American states need political agreements that protect them from becoming the victims of both North American unilateralism and the global economy.
At first glance, the almost constant bombardment of integration proposals in Latin America makes it appear as if the region’s presidents are trying to outdo each other in seeing who can come up with the greatest number of proposals.
While the Unasur proposal may have been formulated in a more rigorous way than other initiatives, its failure to contemplate trade integration means that there is nothing to tie member states together beyond political will.
Although the inclusion of all Latin American states goes some way towards repairing the weakened Brazilian-Mexican axis, and creates a new and more positive environment for future political coordination, this new organization is unlikely to contribute much to actual regional integration.
The basis for this idea is that the rise to power of Lula da Silva in Brazil, Hugo Chávez in Venezuela, Néstor Kirchner in Argentina, Tabaré Vásquez in Uruguay, and, most recently, Evo Morales in Bolivia and Michelle Bachelet in Chile show a socialist trend . But are all of them old-style leftists?
Even Bolivia’s government should not be regarded as a reincarnation of the continent’s old populism.
But they go no further: Castro is fine for photo opportunities, but not for policy advice.
BUENOS AIRES – In 2009, Latin America scored an unrecognized achievement: the global economic crisis did not affect the continent as dramatically as it did other regions.   Politically and institutionally, however, Latin America’s weaknesses and perils worsened.
Moreover, there has been an alarming increase in regional tensions.
Finally, Colombia’s unresolved and cruel conflict persists.
Waves of immigrants, driven from their homes by poverty and desperation, blend one nation’s struggles into another’s.
Our nation may be small, but our commitment to improving the well-being of this region is anything but.
Our resources are scarce.
They must be built with the knowledge that no fence, wall, or even an ocean or a continent can truly divide us from the problems of others.
But not this time ­– at least so far.
As a result, the new generation of leaders cannot introduce drastic structural reforms, badly needed in several countries, in a way that jeopardizes macroeconomic stability – without which none of their promises can be fulfilled.
If no adequate provisions are made to sustain global competitiveness, the economic, social, and political consequences could be dire.
Chile’s economy has performed well over the past two years, despite low world copper prices; but its annual growth rate is nowhere near that of the previous 25 years.
This year, Chile will hold its sixth consecutive democratic election, with two women – former Labor Minister Evelyn Matthei and former center-left President Michelle Bachelet (both daughters of high-ranking military officers) – currently leading in the polls.
But there is a more fundamental issue at play that stems from the accumulated imperfections of representative democracy in countries where social and economic conditions are less than ideal.
For the first time, all the costs and benefits of more than 40 different policy options were laid out side-by-side.
Latin American and Caribbean governments need to know how to raise educational quality and combat domestic violence.
They are relatively cheap and have benefits between five and 19 times greater than the costs.
At the bottom of the list, the expert panel gave very low rankings to the idea of restricting alcohol sales (as a proposed solution to health problems), educational voucher programs, and prison drug treatment and reintegration programs.
Banks are creatively tapping into migrant worker remittances, multiple-family households, and other previously overlooked sources of potential income and creditworthiness.
To their benefit, Latin American governments have applied the lessons of the past.
Latin America’s low personal debt levels have created an opportunity to build a constructive culture of borrowing while expanding economic opportunity.
At the same time, expanded access to credit has supported a building boom to meet vast untapped demand.
Inequality has increased, poverty has been reduced only slightly at best, employment remains stubbornly low, corruption, violence, crime, and political gridlock continue unabated, and foreign investment and free-trade agreements with the US have yet to deliver the goods.
Actual policies, with the passing exception of Argentina’s negotiation with its international creditors – and the IMF, in particular – are remarkably similar to those of their predecessors.
The MIT economists Andrew McAfee and Erik Brynjolfsson, among others, identify the Second Machine Age with the rise of new automation technologies and artificial intelligence.
As they adjust to lower prices for oil, metals, and grain – and the eventual upturn in global interest rates – they will have to pursue productivity-enhancing reforms.
Latin American businesses can change this by emulating their counterparts in the Brazilian state of São Paulo, which have research contracts with leading public universities.
He is now working on Duolingo, a free language-learning platform that aspires to coordinate the translation of Wikipedia’s entire content into several major languages.
Both aggregate data and micro examples confirm that the world has become more tightly linked, with cross-border flows increasing in scope and complexity – and embracing a larger number of countries and participants within them.
By contrast, the cross-border flow of people, measured by the percentage of people living outside their country of birth, is small, hovering around 2.7% since 1980.
Flows of low-value, labor-intensive goods like apparel are declining as a share of global flows, while flows of R&D-intensive products, such as pharmaceuticals and business services, are gaining share.
Despite strong exports, South Korea and Japan rank 20th and 21st out of 85 countries, because they lag on immigration and cross-border Internet traffic.
BERKELEY – The American public’s attitude toward government, especially toward the federal government, recalls a classic scene in Monty Python’s “Life of Brian.”
All of this is good news.
This can happen – indeed, in the US under President Barack Obama’s leadership it is already happening – in many different ways.
Some state and local governments are experimenting with new “pay-for-performance” contracts – sometimes called social impact bonds (SIBs) – to promote social innovation.
As former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg recently observed, philanthropists should test innovative policy ideas and then rely on government money to implement them widely.
Household consumption accounts for more than two-thirds of aggregate demand, and consumption growth depends on income growth for the bottom 90%.
Nearly half of the respondents indicated that, when possible, they prefer to invest in technology or outsource to third parties and hire part-time workers, none of whom receive much additional training or have a stake in their company’s long-term success.
From 1979 to 2012, the real median wage increased by only 5%.
Some 20 years ago, Alan Blinder of Princeton University corralled a number of economists, including me, to examine existing studies on the link between profit-sharing and productivity.
Russians seem to care less about political freedom than they do about social welfare - pensions, domestic violence, children's rights, or police brutality.
That fight is not over, but after my intervention, Moscow's authorities must take into account the public's negative attitude to their effort to quash this publication.
Many observers nonetheless insist that those under criminal investigation should be released on bail instead of being kept in prison.
Because concepts of human rights remain rudimentary, the best that can be hoped for is that awareness will slowly begin to take hold.
Revaluation of the renminbi would make it more expensive for foreign firms to establish themselves (or expand) in China – the world’s most dynamic market – and would render exports of foreign affiliates, which account for 54% of total exports, less competitive internationally.
A renewed renminbi appreciation would boost China’s outward FDI growth even further by lowering the cost of overseas assets for Chinese firms, which operate in a fairly competitive market and have strong cash reserves from both retained earnings and large-scale state credit allocations.
Chinese FDI, like all FDI, can provide host countries with a bundle of tangible and intangible assets needed for economic growth and development. While a significant part of China’s outward FDI initially takes the form of trade-supporting FDI, it can be expected to lead relatively quickly to some production being shifted out of China, including to the US and Europe, thereby possibly reducing exports from China.
Compounding this trend, rising powers such as China and India place great value on national sovereignty and non-interference in domestic affairs.
At the other extreme are policies that implicate the “global commons”: the outcome for each country is determined not by domestic policies, but by (the sum total of) other countries’ policies.
Consider agricultural subsidies, bans on genetically modified organisms, or lax financial regulation.
Different types of policies call for different responses at the global level.
Organizations need both, but leaders are more important.
Good leaders must manage their inner circle of advisers to ensure an accurate flow of information and influence. They must avoid the “emperor’s trap” of hearing only about the beauty of their new clothes.
Secretary of State Colin Powell’s chief of staff described the situation as furtive and camouflaged by the inefficiency of the formal decision-making process.
Roosevelt never thought that staffs had a monopoly on judgment or information, and has been described as seeking advice from anybody he could: cabinet members, congressmen, newspaper columnists, interest groups, citizens, and friends.
LONDON – Over the last few years, thinking on happiness has undergone a sea change. Until recently, it seemed sensible to assume that our happiness was determined by factors such as luck, fate, or genes that are beyond our control.
Being in a country at peace does not of itself make everyone happy; but it removes many obvious causes of unhappiness.
It is impossible, of course, to eliminate suffering.
First, America’s national story is different in essence from those of Western European nations.
As a result, Britain, France, and The Netherlands contain deeply entrenched subcultures of alienated, radicalized Muslim youth.
As long as there is a Church of England, if you are Jewish or Muslim or Sikh, there is a subtle level at which you will simply not feel fully English.
Learning from Crises
Internally, bankers had enormous potential to benefit from risky moves, but were insulated from the costs of failure.
But many systemically important banks became bigger rather than smaller as a result of the crisis.
But hints of new fiscal imprudence or of backsliding on long-term debt consolidation and reduction can drive up borrowing costs dramatically.
The political scientist E.E. Schattschneider’s analysis of the process was influential in transferring responsibility for trade measures from the US Congress to the President.
Both are volatile democracies where any political question can provoke not just intense debate, but also the threat of violence.
The personal freedoms that Lebanese citizens enjoy give their country a special resilience, and its cultural dynamism is the envy of young people throughout the Middle East.
Each major faction is represented in government.
Instead, he will lead the National Council for Strategic Policy, an institution charged with overseeing domestic security, but whose authority remains unclear.
But if Iraq’s leaders can create enough near-term stability to combine Lebanon’s openness and entrepreneurial energy with the revenue that comes from development of the country’s vast oil reserves – an advantage that Lebanon’s leaders can only envy – Iraq might one day offer citizens of neighboring states something they don’t have: a hopeful model for the future.
In the wake of fiercely contested presidential elections, large numbers of voters in each country questioned the legitimacy of the outcome.
But the good news for Mexicans is that their country’s political institutions have proven far more stable than did Ukraine’s.
A recent poll in the newspaper Reforma found that Calderon would now defeat him by 19 percentage points.
To be sure, political and market volatility in a broad range of emerging-market economies will continue.
And, finally, there is consideration of what lessons should be learned from it.
And now, exactly 20 years after the Berlin Wall came down, we are well into the third phase – the debate over why the Cold War ended when it did and how it did.
But this alone would not have been enough; indeed, the Cold War could well have turned hot if Western strategy had consisted only of military competition and confrontation.
Such an approach served the world well during the Cold War; it could do the same now.
But the demand side was heavily regulated, owing to a rule that clubs could field no more than two foreign players in any single game.
In Spain, all but three championships since 1985 have been won by either Real Madrid or Barcelona.
The average winning margin among the top eight World Cup national teams has steadily decreased, from more than two goals in the 1950’s, to about 1.5 goals in the 1960’s, 1970’s and 1980’s, and only 0.88 goals in the 2002 World Cup.
The same rule could be applied to other activities.
Well, for starters, he could suggest that she keep sweets out of the house to avoid temptation, or that she put aside part of one of each day’s meals for a midnight snack.
Calories do count; the physics of energy works even in the human body.
Not much is known about it, but it is probably not a good idea to swim – as I do every morning – with coffee in my stomach. Yet my swimming time is definitely better after having coffee.
I do not know the right approach for each person; the point is to liberate people to find their own path, not to chain them to some new “healthy” protocol that may or may not suit them.
It was always clear that the timing of America’s departure from Iraq might not be its choice – unless it wanted to violate international law once again.
That is the key point: the surge was supposed to provide space for a political settlement, which would provide the foundations of long-term stability.
But things keep getting worse: the deficit for 2009 alone is expected to be more than a half-trillion dollars, excluding the costs of financial bail-outs and the second stimulus package that almost all economists now say is urgently needed.
But the failures in Iraq are a matter of strategy, not troop strength.
But, at end of the day, no currency can defy the laws of economic gravity.
But they seem to show that, despite sharper rhetoric in Sino-US relations, China has continued lending to the US in order to keep its export machine going and avoid booking large foreign-exchange losses.
But this implies that China must allow the renminbi to float freely, and thus to appreciate.
Moreover, while exchange-rate policy is not an instrument for dealing with China’s domestic inflation, renminbi appreciation would certainly help the government meet its goal of keeping the annual rate below 4% in 2011.
Some analysts predict that only half of Britain’s MPs will be returned in next year’s election.
And artists can benefit not merely from studio courses, but also from art appreciation lessons that introduce them to the full repertoires and pallets of past masters.
“Do” refers to action and requires both training and fieldwork.
Bureaucratic entrepreneurs, on the other hand, take advantage of such opportunities to adjust and promote policies.
They must also better understand the nature of the contextual intelligence they will need to educate their hunches and sustain strategies of smart power.
Just to keep up with the inflow of young people into the labor market, Arab economies will have to generate 100 million new jobs over the next 10 years, which will be impossible if education remains impoverished.
Education is also important in the Arab context because of its special status in Islam, which, like Judaism and Christianity, is a religion of the book.
But they did not have the resources to keep up with their own growing populations.
Saudi Arabia recognized it in the 1970’s as it sought to expand its influence, and over the years the Kingdom has funded thousands of schools and colleges that teach its stringent brand of Wahhabi Islam.
The greater risk, I felt, would have been to leave these children sitting idle, losing their hopes and aspirations, or, worse, being forced into child labor or drawn in by radical ideologies.
Indeed, despite strong demand, lack of financing hampered our ability to increase enrollment considerably.
Each of these challenges will cost money, which is why we hope that, as we approach the beginning of the school year in September, the international community will urgently increase its financial support to Lebanon.
The alternative is leaving hundreds of thousands of children on the streets, languishing in informal settlements with an uncertain future.
Although the March 14 coalition already controlled Parliament, its majority had been repeatedly attacked as the result of a severely skewed election law.
Moving forward, the immediate challenge will be to form the next government.
However, since then, Lebanon has put together a coalition government, regained security and stability, weathered the global economic crisis, and now organized a largely free and fair election.
Both Lebanon and Iraq comprise ancient communities living within the borders of states outlined in the 20th century.
Moreover, coexistence and cooperation among the various communities is enshrined as a basic principle in Lebanon’s constitution.
This could be described as a temporary advisory parliament, or ‘Shura Council,’ but it should include hundreds of figures from throughout the country and they should be selected through the Governing Council and interim Government after nationwide consultations.
Lebanon’s Moment of Decision
It has been vacant since September 2004 when Lahoud, backed by Syria, forced an extension of his six-year term on the Lebanese parliament, which elects the president.
On January 23, the Security Council issued a statement expressing regret that the conduct of “free and fair presidential elections” had not yet been carried out in accordance with Security Council Resolution 1559, which was passed on the eve of Lahoud’s extension.
Once the president’s illegitimacy is formally acknowledged by a majority of parliamentarians, all his acts will be considered beyond his constitutional powers, and the process of electing a new president will be firmly on track.
But it also brought about a new political accord, negotiated in Doha, Qatar, providing for election of a president after a long stalemate, formation of a national unity government, a new election law, and a return to a national dialogue over relations between the state and non-state actors, particularly Hezbollah.
Hezbollah and its main backer, Iran, were motivated by two concerns: fear of the next Israeli attack, which Hezbollah believes is inevitable, and concern over Syrian-Israeli peace talks that, if successful, could leave Hezbollah without its main bridge to Iran.  Hezbollah has been rearming and redeploying since the 2006 war; the actions of May further consolidate its position in and around Beirut.
The Doha agreement might allow a number of months, or years, of relative calm.
But one of its purposes was to obtain the Syrian-backed Hezbollah’s support for an IMF-style recovery program.
The issue is not so much where the funds will come from as the amount itself.
Yet this did not deter Turkey from organizing the Third Turkish-Arab Forum on July 10, 2010, with Syria, Jordan, and Lebanon.
That earthquake could prove monumental, depending on how Hezbollah responds to any indictment over Hariri's murder.
To its credit, South Korea has built a relatively gender-equal society.
The problem is that the rate drops sharply from 71% to 57% among women in their 30’s, as inflexible working environments and a lack of affordable childcare undermine their ability to continue investing in their careers.
The current system tends to reinforce gender roles, encouraging children to follow culturally framed paths, instead of nurturing their individual interests and potential.
The Fed has signaled that its federal funds rate will remain near 0%, at least as long as unemployment exceeds 6.5% and inflation expectations remain well anchored.
Moreover, since the 1997 Asian financial crisis, the region’s emerging economies have increased their holdings of foreign-exchange reserves, and now possess more than half of the world’s total.
Such swaps should help Asian countries to cope with currency turmoil in the wake of a Fed policy reversal.
And, given China’s rise, it is clearly in America’s interest to maintain a balance of economic power in Asia.
To be sure, universal primary education has nearly been achieved.
The logical conclusion is that efforts to promote more inclusive economic growth and improve education systems can raise enrollment among young people in developing countries and reduce disparities between genders and among social groups.
Though academic performance is determined largely by family inputs and students’ individual talents, other factors, such as the amount of school resources available to students, also play an important role, as do various other school inputs, such as teacher quality, class size, expenditure per pupil, and instruction time.
What Comes After Lee Kuan Yew?
But Lee’s own actions suggest that he harbored doubts.
What eventually became clear was that under no circumstances could Lee Kuan Yew countenance one particular word or concept: nepotism.
There is no current risk to Singapore’s political stability, and the younger Lee is only 63 years old; he could remain in office for a long time to come.
In February, the European Parliament adopted a resolution to outlaw the purchase of sexual services from anyone below the age of 21.
Conversely, in more than 50 countries, a girl under 15 can be married off if her parents consent to it, even if she does not.
Over the past 40 years, expert committees convened by the World Health Organization have agreed that sexual health includes physical, emotional, mental, and social well-being in relation to sexuality, and is underpinned by respect for human rights and individual autonomy.
It is these rights and responsibilities that Canada and other countries should be enshrining in their laws.
While historical discussion won’t be out of bounds in Spain, even banning ceremonies celebrating bygone days may go a step too far.
After Franco’s death in 1975, Spain, too, treated its recent history with remarkable discretion.
Now, under President Roh Moo-hyun, a new Truth and Reconciliation Law has not only stimulated a thorough airing of historical grievances, but has also led to a hunt for past collaborators.
But even if extreme caution is sometimes understandable, it may not be wise, as a matter of general principle, to ban abhorrent or simply cranky views of the past.
Observers confirm that infringements of the electoral rules were but minor.
What is legal, they think, is also legitimate.
In Canada, for example, it would be risky to overlook the special interests of Quebec.
Without legitimacy, there can be no stability in any political system, and without elections – that is, an explicit expression of popular consent to the holders of power – there can be no legitimacy.
Are bank managers ignorant?
In the current crisis, three moral-hazard effects are particularly important.
Often, securities are created that are backed by sophisticated portfolios containing good and bad assets whose true risk cannot easily be assessed.
Banks often oppose higher equity-asset ratios, because equity capital is more expensive than debt capital. But this is precisely because of the lemon effect.
Counter-cyclical policy can moderate these negative effects, but it cannot undo the damage or accelerate the recovery beyond fairly strict limits.
The impact on consumption will largely have to wait until balance sheets, for both households and businesses, are more fully repaired.
Benefits should be expanded and extended for a limited, discretionary period.
From a political point of view, the crisis has been portrayed as a failure of financial regulation, with irresponsible lending fueling a rapid rise in systemic risk.
The most dangerous consequences of Morsi’s overthrow became apparent on July 8, when security forces in Cairo opened fire on some of the tens of thousands of his supporters who had turned out to call for his reinstatement, killing more than 50 people.
Against this background, future progress depends on three major factors.
The new government needs to convince the middle class to accept a cutback in energy subsidies, which now consume 30% of public expenditures, and ensure better regulation of competition and democratization of credit.
Both Mansour and Beblawi can rise above short-term temptations, because they will not contest the upcoming elections.
But a remark by one mining company executive from a developing country caught the spirit of change.
Overall, the private sector in Europe and America has been unable to create many good jobs since the beginning of the current century.
One very senior government official of a northern European country did not even put down his fork when interrupted by an earnest dinner companion who pointed out that many Spaniards now eat out of garbage cans. They should have reformed earlier, he replied, as he continued to eat his steak.
SINGAPORE – When the city of Detroit filed for bankruptcy last week, it became the largest such filing in United States history.
One factor that has helped cities is the nature of twenty-first century life.
Instead, innovation is increasingly based on mixing and matching knowledge from different specializations.
This process of urban growth, however, is about to unravel.
As its population begins to shrink, it may even be worthwhile to shut down unviable cities and consolidate.
Second, the intervention once again highlights the strategic insignificance of the European Union, which is promoting a “comprehensive strategy” for Mali and the whole region in order to avoid the crucial question: Under what conditions will Europe use force?
(The State Department even went so far as to warn France and Great Britain not to vote for United Nations Resolution 1973, which authorized intervention.)
Following from above thus has operational and symbolic significance.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is known to criticize France for being less than enthusiastic about European political union.
The Bush administration’s response to the hurricane confirmed the suspicion among blacks that, while they might send their boys to fight America’s wars, they had not only been left behind in America’s prosperity, but that there was neither understanding nor concern when they needed it most.
He recently signed a lavish infrastructure bill that included, among other payoffs to political supporters, an infamous bridge to nowhere in Alaska.
Bush simply forgot the poor – the tens, perhaps hundreds of thousands, who simply did not have the resources to pay for their own evacuation. 
Perhaps America, and especially Bush, will be persuaded to join the rest of the world in the fight against poverty and to protect our planet’s environment.
Nevertheless, whereas the taxes at the national level in the United States are equal to around 20% of GNP, in the Nordic countries the ratio is more than 30%.
The US spends less in the public sector, but it taxes even less than it spends.
The Nordic countries are not “socialist” economies, based on state ownership and planning, but “social welfare” economies, based on private ownership and markets, with public provision of social protection. Importantly, they invest heavily in higher education and in science and technology, so they remain at the cutting edge of high-technology industries.
Of course, it seemed to take somewhat longer for news of the extent of the disaster to reach the Crawford, Texas, ranch of President Bush.
They did ask one thing: a reduction of tariff barriers and greater access to markets abroad.
But in one area, global warming, we have already received an early warning.
Unless we learn how to respect it, we will all miss the boat.
These rules of thumb work (at least tolerably so) as a result of evolution.
This is clearly maladaptive, and it explains why the massive injections of liquidity by advanced-country central banks are failing to jump-start economies and create more jobs.
These actions are usually justified as policies for boosting domestic demand, but they end up fueling a surrogate, low-grade currency war.
Even if the employment subsidy were offered only for, say, one year, firms would be tempted to use more labor during this time.
NEW YORK – Of all major world regions, Europe has worked the hardest to implement policies aimed at countering human-caused climate change.
Dangerous changes in climate have already begun.
But this technology, called carbon capture and sequestration (CCS), is not yet proven on a large scale.
Even if the US economy shifts from coal to natural gas, America’s coal will probably be exported for use elsewhere in the world.
Part of the tax revenue should be channeled into subsidies for new low-carbon energy sources like wind and solar, and to cover the costs of developing CCS.
Moreover, the madness of war has been clearly demonstrated to all, and, once the current fighting is over, both sides are now more likely to be cautious about actions that might push their peoples and countries into war once more.
More than 170 Palestinians have died since the violence began in June.
They are now likely to be the first ones set free.
They need to work together through negotiations to solve problems that simply cannot and should not be solved by brute force.
Within the eurozone, cumulative GDP growth since 2008 has ranged from –23.6% in Greece to 5.2% in Slovakia; outside the eurozone, it has ranged from –4.1% in the United Kingdom to 12.5% in Poland.
At the heart of the European project lies a commitment to the single market, the subsidiarity principle, and the “four freedoms,” as well as other traditional liberties such as freedom of speech and religion.
It is against this background that the risks inherent in different kinds of reform should be assessed.
This year’s Nobel laureates in economics are two scholars whose life work explored alternative approaches.
We have much to learn, too, from economic history.
Last month, Soros assembled a remarkable group of economic luminaries, from across the spectrum of the profession –theory to policy, left to right, young and old, establishment and counter-establishment—to discuss the need and prospects for such an initiative, and how it might best proceed.
Until it does and international support is conditioned on Afghan progress in realizing goals set by Afghans, the country’s state institutions will continue to lose credibility.
Democracy and the rule of law could conceivably be an effective alternative to what the Taliban offer, but the government cannot credibly claim to provide either, not to mention basic services, on a consistent basis.
But the international community is not obliged to finance official corruption.
Under the Clean Development Mechanism (CDM) of the Kyoto Protocol, industrialized countries (so-called “Annex I countries”) have the right to purchase certificates of carbon sequestration from reforestation projects undertaken in developing countries and use them to offset up to 1% of their 1990 greenhouse-gas emissions from industry, transport and housing.
So why not liberalize the carbon market as well – a move that would help, not hurt, domestic producers?
Once the dust settles, China, India, Brazil, South Korea, and a handful of other “emerging” nations will be able to exercise greater influence over the way that multilateral economic institutions are run, and will be in a better position to push for reforms that reflect their interests. 
The only effective response is counter-cyclical capital-account management: discouraging foreign borrowing during economic upswings and preventing capital flight during downswings.
The administrative difficulties in implementing a Tobin tax are not insurmountable, as long as all major advanced countries go along.
The largest developing nations – China, India, and Russia – will need to shoulder some of the burden of reducing greenhouse-gas emissions.
Let Finance Skeptics Take Over
Even when not formally designated as such, central banks have become the guardians of financial-market sanity.
This will no doubt change as a result of the crisis, even if Bernanke remains at the helm.
Regulation is at best a partial remedy for such problems.
In fact, neither expectation was fulfilled.
It is time that finance skeptics began to take over.
According to this view, there was no conspiracy, but a great social revolution that, by virtue of a powerful internal logic, brought to power workers, peasants, and the Bolshevik party, which represented their will.
Nobody talked about the revolution leaders’ mistakes, doubts, hesitations, and ignorance.
Putin also stopped near the common gravestone of generals and officers of the “White” armies. “We are children of the same mother – Russia,” said Putin, “and it’s time for us all to unite.”
Historically, failure to protect against inflation or deflation has helped spur calamitous outcomes.
The open interest recently was 355 contracts, with a notional value of €355 million.
This would help reframe public thinking, which is all a government really needs to do.
What if people really got used to expressing quantities in baskets?
Not without reform.
To avoid rewards for short-term performance and focus on long-term results, pay structures need to be re-designed.
As a result, executives were not exposed to the potential negative consequences that large losses could bring about for preferred shareholders, bondholders, and the government as a guarantor of deposits.
As a result, no one doubts Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas’s legitimacy.
There can be no doubt that Abbas was democratically elected.
However, all external observers know very well that this is not the case, even if Abbas can undoubtedly succeed in reducing the level and number of attacks.
Networked Development
And in the Networked Society, we have an obligation to ensure that we exploit mobile and broadband technologies not just for collaboration and entertainment, but also for sustainable development.
Evidence of this can be seen in the Millennium Villages Project, where mobile communications have had a particularly significant impact on health care: improved response times to emergencies, reduced isolation, and better training and equipment for health-care workers.
Two forums are making great strides.
Following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Leviathan faced an uphill public-relations battle.
The story, akin to Alexander Solzhenitsyn's ambitious 1962 masterpiece One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich, steadily indicts the corruption of state power – a power ever-willing to kill and to align itself with an even more corrupt power, the Orthodox Church.
Indeed, Culture Minister Vladimir Medinsky recently criticized the film for its darkness and pessimism.
